Logan Thrasher Collins wrote:
"In my view, objective morality *might* exist as a continuously varying manifold that corresponds to the qualia states (the 'feels bad <--> feels good' axis) of each point within the spacetime continuum. As an aside, this assumes physicalism and panspsychism."

I (Micah Blumberg) replied 27 May 2024:
That's interesting,

I supposed an organism, or an artificial entity, could have a subjective morality as a measurable but abstract dynamic information pattern (a low dimensional manifold of neural activity) that may be mapped (perhaps dynamically) to objectively measurable parameters in the environment. The idea is the organisms brain cells are creating a temporal & spatially representative brain activity manifold to measure or map the feeling of good or bad to some detected criteria.

There is a researcher named Michael Levin who talks about how biology is an Agent-al Material, and the idea is that this separates a living organism from a rock which functions as a simple gradient without a highly coherent goal (beyond structural integrity at the atomic scale).

For instance, extreme heat or extreme cold could both feel extremely wicked, and someone or something (Agent-al) that pushes the conscious (also Agent-al) organism toward those extremes might be perceived as evil or influenced by evil (by the organism being pushed or pulled). In this case if extreme heat is evil, someone or something Agent-Al that is pushing you towards evil might seem to be demon possessed.

An Agent-al Material, compared to a regular material, has a real goal, and is capable of pursuing multiple paths to achieve it. This allows for Agent-al Materials of biological classification or artificial classification (AI Agents) to map the environment in terms of consequences for the Agent-al Material (the organism or artificial entity) and then create a representation of morality within the context of it's map of reality, which serves as a kind of code generated by the Agent-al Material to help it avoid extreme consequences.

At the same time it is not required that a rock, or any ordinary material has any sense of morality. The concept of Agent-al Materials helps us neatly avoid the pitfall of an objective morality rooted in universal panpsychism. If it's your goal, as an Agent-al Material, you might see achieving it as morally good, and not achieving it as morally bad, and this allows us to have a flexible understanding of morality as a subjective experience.

However two or more Agent-al materials might have a common morality experience, for example all of them could perceive extreme heat as manifestation of evil, and consider that cooperating to avoid heat death as an example of moral good. This could lead to the perception of morality as being something that goes beyond subjectivity, because its a measurable information pattern that can be communicated that can be mapped to objectively measurable parameters such as temperature or to cooperation with others to achieve a mutually desired goal.

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10167196/