New plan: Because you cannot download the wiki on the chromebook ONLY EDIT THE MAPS in the regular self aware networks repo, and then copy them to the wiki when you have wifi.

Each map page is a time-stamped copy of a wikipage. The wiki pages ought to be time stamped but I have not yet discovered where it can be shown.

map.mass.md

a0008z.md:
  62: Imagine that when you first learn to move your hand it takes up an enormous amount of mental resources. Massive brainwave activity. Then the peaks of this massive brainwave activity are slowly represented by neural connections to just the peaks, the highs and lows, as well as the lefts and rights, to a single neuron then links the edges so that no longer do you need the whole brain to spike to represent that whole brain wave, when a single neuron can just fire and trigger the neurons at the peak of the brainwave that caused your movement. Thus overtime moving your hand takes less and less mental energy. As what was once represented by a whole brain, is reduced into spatial temporal representations in the connections and body of a single neuron.

a0010z.md:
   8: space is particles with either energy or mass, and the energy state is the frequency of light speed times mass, frequency and amplitude in the human brain have a 1/f relationship, as amplitude increases frequency decreases and visa versa.
  10: So if energy is mass moving faster, then perhaps mass can be considered slow moving denser spacetime, the slower amplitude makes it easier for groups of oscillators to synchronize and so there are more particle collisions which I think result in the curvature of space by warming the em place field, making broad vertical lanes, longer slower stretched out horitonal particle lanes (that create time scale dependent time dilation)
  12: space expands over time relative to the mass of oscillators like black holes, stars, atoms and people, as a reaction to oscillators, this space is simultabeous with the expansion of time, referring to time dilation at greater scales
  14: but space is not really expanding, its just expanding relative to the oscillators, one might also say that the oscillators are shrinking and space is staying the same. This would make sense because dissipative systems tend to dissolve eventually. This means that planets are shrinking and becoming more dense gaining mass as they move through space attracting new particles through collision lanes
  28: as space relatively expands so does time, so over time the earth gains mass from space, the total amount of time increases as space expands, what we experience as a forward interval in time is somultaneous with the expansion of space, and so the expansion of time adds a new interval of scale dependent time (time slows or gets more intervals in space vs on earth
  34: mass, density, and scale are 3 factors that combine to produce phase space fields that produce time
  46: The question is what started the first oscillation in the universe? but perhaps its about the conceptual probability of a universe existing being split between two undecidable states, 1 existing somewhere like mass, or 2 being a frequency like energy, that is defined as an interval between two points in spacetime that it takes for something with an oscillation or spin to travel. 
  58: So the singularity moment is only an expansion of space from a point of view, from another point of view mass is shrinking instead of space expanding, but that is also only a point of view. Because the relative appear of changing space scale (space expansion) and changing time scale (which we experience as the forward arrow of time) is just space warping between two states: That which is sort of outside time, but moving relatively faster than space at larger scales.

a0018z.md:
    8: My Quantum gradient time dilation notes talk about mass as a time crystal but this connects to neural function, and the notes on the expansion & contraction of neuronal membrane during & after the action potential (and before the expansion of the dendrite) and it means the neuron is literally warping spacetime.
   99: If its obvious that a mass such as the earth has gravitational force then it should be obvious that a mass such as a neuron has gravitational force, when a neuron fires it expands, the soma explodes, and the explosion has a direction which is the axon length. So a neuron is warping space like an exploding star warps space, the mass of the neuron has increased and therefore its gravitational force has increased.
  103: Unlike gravity, magnetism doesn't work for everything with mass. Magnetic forces only occur between specific materials (mainly iron and certain iron alloys). This alone is a strong argument that magnetism is not responsible for gravitational forces.
  116: however lets say that in one of the directions space contracts into mass and a time dimension is added in the direction of that mass because space is moving faster there so we get twice as many particles
  118: I think Quantum Gravity is the result of space warping around oscillator flows, or large scale wave patterns in the electromagnetic field around masses caused by the interactions of oscillators of different scales with different properties. 
  131: so its like condensed slow energy (mass) is pushing through lightweight fast energy, like a magnetic attracting and repulsing space, 
  143: I make the argument that Space might have zero absolute and zero absolute time, just relative space & time, because they balance each other out like positive and negative charges, with space being more negative and time being more positivel Somewhere inbetween a moment that in summary equals nothing there is temporarily something. That something is a chaotic volumetric information pattern called mass in an otherwise harmonic & tonic oscillating spacetime field inbetween a single moment of nothing that is also, on the flip side of the coin, the ever present beginning of spacetime. 

a0023z.md:
  100: wow this is a massive document exploring this very topic in depth http://119.93.223.179/ScienceDirect/Cognitive%20Sciences/14-06/sdarticle_010.pdf

a0026z.md:
  72: entropy, extropy, particles, heat, cold, expansion of space, atoms, mass, density, velocity, time, neurons, neural networks, perception, consciousness, I've gone and created 11 new ideas related to thermodynamics, spacetime, brainwaves, and gamma wave bursts and all these ideas are related

a0033z.md:
   8: "Gravity is gradient time dilation at the particle & atomic scale." A mass like the earth heats up space time relative to outer space, expanding the number of directions around a particle temporally in addition to the spatial dimensions, because if a particle or atom moves in a random direction in space with no large masses nearby it has no particular reason to move one way or another, but if it has three times more opportunities to move south, because things in the south move three times faster, then the odds of it randomly moving south increase, thus gravity attracts particles by increasing the relative dimensions of time in the direction of mass and mass is the crunch point of an expanding wave on a macroscale.
  13: Someone asked me what is the gist of my Gravity theory: The gist is that mass creates time dilation effects at the quantum scale, and that the aggregate effect of quantum time dilation results in a quantum field where the odds of particle movement are shifted in favor of the direction of dilated time. So particles fall towards mass because the odds of moving in the direction of mass are increased because mass increases the intervals of space in time in its direction.
  56: This would cause massless blackholes
  58: or energy holes at the points in space that are most distant from any particles and from any lines between particles, the energy holes would be vast expanses of space around oscillating mass
  98: soliton gravity waves a charge build up represents increasing mass, heat, magnetic polarisation, time acceleration (phase increase), or time dilation (inhibition), inhibition is expanding space, white phase increase is contracting space, so time exits in inhibited space or contracted space because it is a relativity distortion in terms of how long particles have to travel before they reach their destination. so space is either condense hot condense cold or spaced out and neutral or something inbetween. However these things only exist relative to each other, the total heat and cold neutralizes out, and the total volume of space is the inverse relationship of time to space, as time increases space contracts, as time decreases space expands.

a0034z.md:
  5: (humor) Yes as we speak I'm writing the book on computational-astroneurophysics, chapter one is on the mass consumption of microantinutrients via certain foods, via temporal rituals, ie drinking holidays, and how these events disrupt the metabolism of the masses collating with the quantum equilibrium of a cell and how that is inversely proportional via holographic duality to the surging electromagnetism that comes simultaneously with the changing curvature of spacetime when the mass Earth moves closer to the mass of Jupiter. Resulting in an Myelin based exploitation of phase transitions to aid the plasticity of your changing mind in accepting this new information http://medicalxpress.com/news/2013-07-myelin-exploits-phase-transitions.html

a0038z.md:
  519: ⟪ 633 characters skipped ⟫ified the 1000 complex ways that apples act with the one underlying model of F=ma. F is a real number that models the abstract feature of force, m is a real number that models the abstract feature of mass, etc.

a0041z.md:
   92: So the argument for why time dilation around a mass is scale dependent could be that the electromagnetic wave field pattern of space is defined relative to dense oscillators such as planets.
  120: So earth and the moon are bending spacetime between them, but it's because each mass is combining its oscillator effect with the oscillations that make up its body, this allows for the planet to be any type of oscillator, or any combination of oscillators.
  166: ⟪ 300 characters skipped ⟫sing the changes that particles fall towards them, they change the configuration of space relative to each particle in space relative to what it's oscillating with, relative to its velocity, density, mass, and direction, they increase the number of possible direction each particle could move at each interval of its time, and so over time, because it randomly moves in any direction, it is going to move towards the space where there is more spacetime essentially, because more signals are coming from where there is more spacetime, 
  168: because e equals mc2 energy equals mass accelerated, energy is a high frequency signal with low amplitude, mass is a low frequency (slow) signal with high amplitude
  170: essentially the amplitude of mass is the density of its volume
  173: because all of the oscillations of mass are merging together as much as they can exciting each other, 
  203: galaxies are pushing themselves apart propionate to their volume, mass, density, and velocity, they are expanding space in time inside the oscillator, and expanding time in space outside the oscillator.

a0043z.md:
  34: What makes this make sense is that information is mass. This is something I wrote about elsewhere. So the Holodeck & the Replicator from Star Trek would be the same technology. So if we could alter the wave patterns of space, like 3D printing food, we could 3D print reality.

a0044z.md:
  37: mass equals in oscillation which warps spacetime
  38: the mass configuration of the human attracts information as like vortexs feeding on electricity

a0049z.md:
  112: so consciousness itself is a specific information configuration pattern, for processing information within certain bounds, just like how the gravitational energy effect of earth is reduced with the amount of distance from the center of earths mass.
  206: so quantum general relativity is suggesting that at scales from quantum physics, to astrophysics to neurophysics there is an inverse relationship between amplitude (density & volume of mass) and frequency (energy) and that gravity is caused by the coherence and decoherence patterns in the phase field of spacetime between oscillating bodies that are either in phase (coherence expanding spacetime) or out of phase (decoherence shrinking spacetime as masses dissolve or explode)
  255: the density of mass is like the contraction of space through the increase in time frequency

a0052z.md:
  9: I love describing neuro-anatomy in differential calculus for all the ordinary people I meet everyday. I like the sense of other people, especially happiness, love, friendship, kindness, connection. I like the sense of words, concepts, concept maps, mind maps, uniting the flickering of dendrites firing action potentials and neurotransmitters backwards into a synapse, a massive expansion of complexity missed by the early Artifical Neural Network ie Artificial Intelligence oversimplification of what neurons do. I love the sense of discovery, especially discovering something new that changes my world view. I love the sense of gratitude and humility for all the wonderful people I am privileged to be connected to. :) I love the sense of participating, and sharing in a conversation or dialog, to appreciate an important part of what makes us human, our sense of the world from all of our senses :)  

a0055z.md:
  2: Note to self: There might be invisible gravity floating in space that is NOT from invisible mass. 

a0064z.md:
  9: Neo Mind Cycle combines the proven benefits of Neurofeedback, with the proven benefits of Brainwave Entrainment. So that your brainwaves are driving an isochronic stimulus which sort of massages your thinking in a broad range of frequency patterns specifically for peak moments in gamma, beta, alpha, theta, and delta brainwave activity.

a0070z.md:
  16: Mass is the Magnitude of many volumetric frequencies (particles) oscillating together. With the inverse relationship between magnitude & frequency defining spacetime at all scales, from galaxies, to EEG powerbands, to nmda spikes & soma bursts, to particles.

a0073z.md:
  11: We will be safe, it's difficult to explain why, except with an analogy. When researcher's said they were going to use the LHC to develop tiny black holes, a lot of people were afraid the world was going to end, because they did not understand that because the black holes were so small, because their mass was so minuscule, they would just evaporate immediately. The earth can't be threatened by tiny blackholes with tiny mass. It's a funny idea, but it's not realistic. The same will be true for wearable extensions of your brain. What you wear will be too small to take over your brain, your human brain has too much power, it will however be helpful. It's no more threatening than hiring a great secretary, a great life coach, and a great project manager. That's what it is. I'm just automating those three. In a sense.

a0078z.md:
  13: The Neurofeedback is like healthy exercise for the brain. The Brainwave Entrainment is like a feel good massage for the brain.

a0080z.md:
  11: ⟪ 692 characters skipped ⟫ common class of brain activity to be an example. The radial distribution from the neuron across its exit terminal branches allow it the opportunity to reach many different neurons, distributing it’s massive starburst in lots of little packages to its neighbors, so that now its neighbors are receiving dots to their matrices. Since neurons are in a tonic firing pattern when they are not firing phasically they can also create dark spots, or patterns that appear as a negative. The neuron understands how many little dots were needed from which direction before it became overwhelmed and had to fire, there is a literal three dimensional chemical counting process going on with a dendrite collecting charged ions in various branches, or the soma collecting charges (from soma branches with the pyramidal cell) increasing or decreasing its likelihood to fire or its readiness to fire (turning the volume up or now on its readiness to recognize certain patterns (or recall certain events or people or names, do you ever play tetris for hours and then see tetris shapes when you close your eyes, imagine that your cells that are recognizing shapes have their readiness to recognize those kinds of patte

a0087z.md:
  100: With artificial sentient labor the amount of production of goods and services with scale up massively which means your personal purchasing power increases massively, everyone gets richer, but we will all live longer healthier lives.
  155: Early in 2021 I wrote the massive article called "WebAR Wearable Digital Fashion NFT, Bio-Sensors, 3D DNN Shape Completion, Animations, Gan Synthesis" and another article called "Digital Fashion, Art, NFT, AR, VR, WebXR, 3D Deep Learning, BCI, and the future native digital economy." I realized that I now had the experiential qualities needed to organize a massive 300 page book. You can find these articles and more at VRMA.io

a0089z.md:
  3: General Relativity is an equation that describes the relative relationship between mass and energy, showing that they are the same thing at different speeds, that energy is mass times the speed of light squared, which is the same thing as saying energy is mass moving much faster than mass, or that mass is energy moving more slowly.
  5: So to have a theory of general relativity that extends to quantum physics would be about describing the relationship between energy and mass at the scale of quantum physics

a0091z.md:
  774: dude, that sounds really cool, but if anyone on earth had that program do you think the Malaysian Airplane would have ever been lost? No, there isn't yet a program that does live dimensional analysis (presumably from satellite feeds, or very high balloons, or drones) of all the activity on a planet. That could require massive amounts of AI, machine learning, to see (identify patterns) and notice when things change, and record a sequence that notes what changed. I don't know of any computer on earth that could handle the workload of the program you are designing.

a0103z.md:
   6: if the size of space is relative to mass
   8: the cosmos is 93 billion years apart, and the cosmos is 13.7 billion years old, but if it is relative to mass then as mass increases so does space, and that means half the expansion of space is negative space, backwards in time and half is positive space forwards in time
  11: negative mass positive pass
  14: but space could only expand faster than mass temporarily, like a virtual particle, a temporary violation of conservation, which means space expanded at the same velocity as mass, because they are expand together, but instead of getting more mass in the samespace we get more intervals of mass which we experience as time
  22: and real light actually does have an undetectable amount of mass
  30: I suspect that the reason we do not see light decay is because it's moving in normal time which is frozen relative to how fast time moves for us, our experience of time has a lot of harmonic oscillation between entropic states, with the mass (information) of physical space moving slower than light but transforming (decaying/emerging) faster than light.

a0104z.md:
   10: (mass is part of a gravity wave)
   41: but not occupy the same space because their phases are not complimentary and the combined mass would dissipate too quickly (unless their combined mass had the right energy configuration)
   43: I'm think of mass as the energy needed to keep a photon (boson) scattered into a positive & negative particle split. 
   53: So at one end of space, space has no distinction, no area, no volume, no mass, and no energy.
  128: The origin of the higgs field & dark gravity its this idea that the oscillating stars & galaxies are not only affecting each other's gravity, but they are leaving gravity trails AND they are creating gravity lanes between them by heating the space between them, the idea of the higgs field is that excited hot space is adding mass to particles, 
  196: The idea that I had was that the fermionic condensate of the mass of the earth was creating a vertical flow from the earth to space in the gradient of the particle field of spacetime,

a0109z.md:
  4: It's also like what happens when we remove all the predators, that eat other animals? Well the ecosystem goes out of balance, too many grazing animals eat all the food, then all the animals starve, and a forest turns into a desert. With Mass Artificial Sentient Labor forces we could in theory clean all the oceans, all the land environments, capture all the carbon, all the methane, and preserve the status quo of life on earth so nothing ever changes. Imagine however that on other planets life does continue to evolve far beyond life on earth. Then life on earth might just food for more evolved life from other planets. On the other hand

a0113z.md:
   5: Gravity is not electrical force, its a time wave in the electrical force that is the inverse of mass
  24: But consider that attractive force between two electrons that repel is negative, and consider that when you combine a field particles together, their electric force is greater if they are aligned, and it weakens if the ions are not aligned. If gravitational force is the alignment of the electrical field then its strength can increase or decrease depending upon the alignment of the charges in that field, and the warping of space by an oscillating mass like the earth is going to have either an attractive or repulsive force depending on the trajectory of particles in it
  40: If you consider that gravity is not electricity but a description of the force of one somewhat neutral gravitational field like earth on another somewhat neutral gravitational field like the moon, then the force between them is from the summary distribution configuration of all the electromagnetic forces adding and subtracting from one another by their activity. A planet can’t act like an electron for the same reason that mass is moving much more slowly than energy.
  42: Mass has low frequency high amplitude inversely related to high frequency low amplitude electrons.
  44: Mass is absorbing electrons and spitting out protons,

a0130z.md:
  38: because it has been shown that even massive molecules such as C 60 (Fullerene,

a0132z.md:
  37: sparse quantum pattern learning/prediction is probably better for high frequency low amplitude senses, such as olfactory, maybe taste, but taste is also texture which is about high amp high surface area. smell, emotions, and point clouds have a lot less mass and a lot more energy, so quantum signals represent a sparse sample learning spread over a large area

a0139z.md:
  11: Micah Blumberg your brains activity is a reaction, the connections and memories become the predictions of new causes, and the structure that influencies the development of new concepts, it barely works but it effectively simulates a functional person, with massive redundancy, and efficiency, technology by nature that is slightly more advanced than anything humans have built yet. but there isn't any real you, unless you are concepts consisting of connections between cellular memories, I don't think I'm that, I don't think I actually exist at all. Whats your spin on it?

a0155z.md:
  13: Imagine a spherical mass like earth is creating like an electromagnetic Boss-Einstein Condensate in terms of causing the invisible lines spacetime eminating from the sphere to converging together
  19: the combined reflection of oscillating mass might multiple like a laser like the Bose-Einstein Condensate

a0179z.md:
  25: For a new study published January 3 in the journal Science, however, scientists got a rare chance to explore some neurons from the outer layer of human brains, and they discovered startling dendrite behaviors that may be unique to humans, and may even help explain how our billions of neurons process the massive amount of information they exchange.

a0183z.md:
  20: Folks have heard the idea that the universe is a fractal and a hologram, but an electron is not a planet, unlike a planet an electron cannot lose its spin, and a hologram does not have mass. So these ideas break down on close inspection, but do they point to another idea?

a0184z.md:
  48: fyi My Grandfather led the team that created gps and put the first gps satellite in space http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_P._Randolph from him I learned that time on a satellite moves at a different (slower) rate than it does on earths surface where the curvature of space (related to the density of mass) is greater. It seems unlikely that a human brain is going to slow spacetime without reducing the entire planets density of mass. Gravity and Time are the same thing you see.

a0185z.md:
  21: Micah Blumberg There are studies where human brain cells have been planted into mouse brains and massive increases in learning performance have resulted.
  24: Micah Blumberg The glial-neural metabolism in humans is vastly superior to that in mice, and if you transplant it into a mouse it's thinking massively improves.
  27: Micah Blumberg Human glial cells alone can massively improve the performance of mouse neurons, optimizing the metabolism of their little brains.
  29: The substrate, and the wiring massively effects the performance of the system, and the performance of the system is the code. A tempo-spatial code.
  32: Micah Blumberg A tiny improvement to the human brain might result in a massive leap forward in human intelligence.
  42: That's a way to understand something that is massively more intelligent than you. Your experience of time, and it's experience of time. When it has a faster and bigger brain, a single day, will feel like a decade to it, but like a day to you.
  57: Micah Blumberg The evolved metabolic performance of the substrate of a human brain is an analogy for the capacity to engineer massive improvements in the speed and capacity of machine intelligence.
  99: Micah Blumberg this is why the statement, that neurons communicate with the spike, is not only demonstratably wrong if you point to any illustration of an axon on a neuron, but it's also the wrong level of focus, because when we are talking about communication between cells, we need to actually focus on what happens between two or more cells, and that is the synapse, that's where the dimensionality of the networks ability to calculate is massively multiplied beyond spiking models, it still includes spiking, but spiking plays a smaller role in network activities 

a0191z.md:
  17: 3) Yes, I agree with what you suggested about memory being stored as a massive conditional probability distribution that becomes instantiated via contextualisation.
  26: Micah, the answer is easy. Brains don't have enough memory to store the massive amount of information coming from the senses in real time. [Read Jeff Hawkins' book On Intelligence.] Due to their limitations, brains cannot store and understand all the aspects of Reality. (Try to record an HD video for several hours and you will need several Gb in multiple SD cards. Whereas Kurzweil calculated the whole memory of the brain is just few Gb.) Thus, brains only store vague abstractions (patterns) that later are triggered through content-addressable memories. Reality is the biggest storage of information brains rely on.
  73: Thanks for looking it up, I appreciate it.  You did, however, claim he was talking about the brain, not an AI. looking up the text you posted in a pdf copy of the book, he says he thinks the brain does 200 computations per second, but massively parallelised. The brain works by time-locked loops. 200 Hz simply is incorrect when the superior olive of the owl can measure phase differences in sound waves of 1 microsecond, which corresponds to a figure of 1 MHz.

a0198z.md:
  5: My guess is that a particle/wave is like a phase variance from the fabric of oscillating spacetime. In otherwords if spacetime had a default wave pattern, a particle exists as a difference from the spacetime wave pattern in terms of a change in its frequency / magnitude ratio or from another perspective a change in its velocity / mass ratio
  7: as the particle/wave increases in magnitude / mass it decreases in frequency / speed. As it increases in speed / frequency it decreases in mass / magnitude

a0206z.md:
  30: The earth's time dilation field, responding to the earth's mass, moves very slowly from a human perspective, but in a sense it's ripping space apart as earth moves through it, disporting space as it moves through space
  68: but then we need to quantify how the density of atoms in some volume of space corresponds to the magnitude of time dilation from a given mass.

a0208z.md:
  15: ⟪ 595 characters skipped ⟫erhaps you argue you can have a brain create a conscious effect that has no impact on the physical activity of the brain? Do you argue that neurons do not detect information, I mean pure non-physical massless, energyless, velocity free information like coincidences, patterns between moving things. If neurons detect coincidence, (they do) then with milisecond timing the nuances of whatever information your thinking is not exclusively passive, its being sensed by neurons, if its the specific information pattern, neurons will fire in specific sequences at specific frequencies. Information patterns cause neurons to fire, is your consciousness not information at least?

a0214z.md:
  263: Clubhouse can be used to mass diagnose viral infections and ID you.
  339: Brain Computer Interfaces, and new sensors to track every aspect of humanity on a mass scale force us to think about a broad range of new considerations from neuro-hacking, to neuro marketing, cognitive nudging, privacy, public safety, human rights, and environmentalism.
  366: The risks of these technologies converging are not limited to neuro-hacking with brain computer interfaces, or to nation states forcing tech companies to comply with mass spying activities, there are potential dangers from hacking Augmented Reality, potential safety issues with using AR in public from distractions, and the potential for environmental pollution from over-use of the energy expensive proof of stake systems.
  400: “MMO designer Raph Koster talks about the social and ethical implications of turning the real world into a virtual world, and how the lessons of massively multiplayer virtual worlds are more relevant than ever.”
  409: These are issues that everyone in the world must consider eventually when they understand the world we are moving towards, the mass convergence of science & technology, and so we must ask ourselves about the great implications
  619: Plasmapay: DeFi for The Masses
  622: PPAY (PlasmaPay): DeFi For The Masses

a0223z.md:
  32: Meet Polina Anikeeva, Associate Professor of Materials Science and Engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and an important…

a0227z.md:
  8: Meet Polina Anikeeva, Associate Professor of Materials Science and Engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and an important figure in the early history of Nerve Gear and it’s pioneers.

a0234z.md:
  19: what if the frequency of a particle  is inverted to its amplitude effect on space? a slow particle would have more mass, a fast particle (energy) would have less mass
  23: ⟪ 402 characters skipped ⟫space time, making gravity possible as an attractor state between oscillatorys which are warming spacetime to attract electric phases and bind them together, slowing them down into increasingly dense mass states.
  25: I like to think of space as something that was created everywhere at once, and at every time at once, as if all of time is forever happening inside an ever present now moment. We are experiencing the frequences of time folding around itself in massive oscillators, and micro oscillators. We are oscillators inside oscillators with oscillators inside us with a fractal ordinance.

a0249z.md:
  35: The rapid advancement of Neuroscience is logical, possible, and plausible because the internet has enable a massive parallelism between researchers across the entire globe with the biggest population size of humans interested in the sciences that has ever existed before on the planet all working together online to share articles, discuss articles, and device new science experiments from which we can collectively learn.
  39: Individually a chemical synapse may be quite slow compared to a transistor in a computer, but massive parallel processing between eighty six billion neurons is more than enough to make up for the difference in speed at the individual unit level, that’s not to conclude that the individual synapse is comparable because there is a vast amount of complexity in both the pre and post synapse, and so perhaps you would need a great number of transistors duplicate the information processing complexity of a chemical synapse.

a0250z.md:
  31: ⟪ 589 characters skipped ⟫see that other areas of the brain become inhibited at the same time, these other parts of the brain will exhibit less neural activity, less blood flow, less electrical activity that might result from mass action potential firings, the inhibit parts of the brain should correspond to everything you are not thinking about during that window of time. The inhibited parts of the brain should feature the unconscious material.
  61: ⟪ 278 characters skipped ⟫uch as a company or a country or an idea or a tribe. In some instances like as in the incident of Jonestown such a collective mind could manage to have a horribly destructive influence resulting in a mass suicide. In other instances war and genocide might result such as in the instance of the Nazis, and incident that might be characters as mass scale mental illness.
  67: With Neural Lace we should be able to prove or disprove the existence of alternate beings running on brains, and begin to analyze group behavior in new ways, to understand the collective dynamics of group behavior and to understand collective mental illnesses better, so that we can treat the disturbed masses of humans who are mentally ill in great numbers and unconscious of that fact.

a0253z.md:
  22: Except that I am arguing that all mass is essentially a time crystal, including quantum particle masses.
  24: With Time Dilation time is slowest at the center of the gravitational mass where the frequency of mass or in other words where the density of mass is the highest. (evoking a reference to the inverted relationship between magnitude (space time amplitude) / frequency of mass (the density of mass)
  30: The relative increase in the rate (frequency or density) of mass creates the gravitational effect, because it warps space like a time crystal, in one particular direction (towards the center of mass)
  32: It’s not space that is being warped, well it is, but more precisely it’s time that is being warped in space, there are more dimensions of spacetime where the frequency of mass is higher, and so particles and atoms move towards the areas that have increased frequency of mass.
  36: (for a full understanding read my other notes on Quantum Gradient Time Dilation, but in a nutshell the idea is that in open space the chances of a particle moving in any direction is random, but if mass is nearby, then the chances of the particle moving in the direction of mass are increased BECAUSE, the particle treats the extra time dimension as extra space area, and if you roll the dice, the extra spacetime area gets better odds than the areas with less mass that have less spacetime area. It's kinda like saying gravity isn't an attractive force, so much as its a more statistically significant spacetime crystal for the otherwise random movement of particles & atoms & objects)
  40: I might even rephrase this to Gravity is Quantum Probability Distortion from Mass Frequency Theory.
  72: Hmm... I wonder if this book linked below reached a similar conclusion about mass being like a time crystal? 
  91: Quantum gradient time dilation talks about mass as a time crystal but it connects neural function, the expansion & contraction of neuronal membrane during & after the action potential (and before the expansion of the dendrite) means the neuron is literally warping spacetime. The effect of the time crystal is magnified by density and it dissipates with distance (time dilation)

a0257z.md:
  33: ⟪ 1256 characters skipped ⟫her technology providers, with planned implementations at other factory sites. Han Bin Lee: “We are looking forward to this significant implementation of 3D Vision Technology and expect it to provide massive automation benefits at a high level of safety. The experience gained in a project of this scale will be invaluable for other smart city and smart infrastructure applications”.

a0264z.md:
  122: I want to help veterans and anyone really to make something of themselves, to develop a new skill, to begin a career path, or to get to the next step on a career path. I understand what that can mean for a person. The value it has in helping someone to qualify for a job. It means the world, it can mean a massive relief from depression and a return to happiness for some.

a0303z.md:
  10: ⟪ 460 characters skipped ⟫ some past synaptic dendritic configuration, simply because only some minor changes needed to be made to create a new pattern, the density of patterns stored in synaptic configurations is potentially massive. It would help to understand a bit more about how it actually works from real studies on organoids. You would likely use optogenetics to study LTD and LTP processes at the synapses in much greater detail.

a0307z.md:
  63: We are not in the cosmos, we are it, the human mind has more connections than we have visible stars in the sky. Your mind is on the scale of an entire galaxy, its that massive inside.

a0329z.md:
  36: so I had this idea from neuroscience that neurons were expanding on mass when they fired like an a action potential, which I also think of as like lightning, positive and negative charges between the sky and earth split so much fhere is a flash followed by a bang, light and sound, frequency and amplitude
  43: mass is inverse to frequency
  44: every mass at every scale (quantum gravity idea) has an inverted relationship to the spacetime around it
  46: mass is 1:1 with spacetime increasing in scale

a0331z.md:
  271: Micah Blumberg Information, non-physical information, that has no energy or mass, is detected by neurons as coincidences, patterns, this information becomes the criteria brains deliberate upon first before making a decision that results in some action. This means non-physical information drives your responses, so the brain is not simply physical reactions like a bunch of thermostats. It matters that you know. You are accountable for your actions, it matters what you know and believe, because your behavior is criteria driven. You are in a sense temporal information criteria.
  296: I was referring to still images, not movies." information has no mass or energy so its non-physical, I mean like patterns, how many times an event occurs is an information pattern, its non-physical criteria neural circuits recognize, deliberate upon, and respond to.
  299: Micah Blumberg Information is non-physical because it has no measurable mass or energy. It exists as tempo-spatial coincidence patterns. The physical brain detects these patterns in real time, then these information patterns cause chain reactions resulting in coordinated movements.
  302: Micah Blumberg If you see three apples you are having a spatial experience of the number 3. If you see an apple tossed into the air three times you are having a temporal experience of the number 3. The number 3 as a tempo-spatial pattern does not exist in the physical sense, its information, it does not have a measurable mass, energy, and velocity like a physical object has.
  305: Micah Blumberg As I already explained above Neurons detect information (that is not physical meaning it has no mass and no energy) as tempo-spatial coincidences. This means that neuron D will only fire if neurons A, B, and C fire within 3 milliseconds of one another for example. If A, B, and C, do not fire within that window then neuron D will not fire. The fact that neurons detect tempo-spatial patterns is what allows brains to detect information, ie patterns that have no mass, and no energy.
  308: Micah Blumberg look if you want to argue that information is physical and that the number three has mass, energy, and velocity go right ahead I am not stopping you. I'm not playing word games however. I became friends with a Nasa Scientist in the dog park where I took my dogs and he explained that everything in the universe is either information or energy, but these two things are not the same.
  311: Micah Blumberg there is only one kind of information, and it has no mass, and no energy, so its not physical, this is not a word game
  314: Micah Blumberg A table has mass, you can put your hands on it. That is why a table is physical. The concept of a table is a coincidence pattern in time, you can't put your hands on it. Why is it difficult for you to understand that this is not a word game, but instead its the ordinary convention and correct usage of the terms physical and non-physical. If nothing is non-physical then how can the word physical have any meaning at all? The way you have used it Matthew Reed Bailey is beyond distinction, and so it is a meaningless incorrect usage of the term physical. A word has voided meaning if it applies to everything.
  346: Micah Blumberg "A temporal pattern of what? It has to be something physical." A physical thing is different from a temporal pattern. An apple is different from the movement associated with an apple. The apple is physical, the temporal pattern is not. The apple has mass, the temporal pattern has neither mass nor energy. I 
  348: Matt Mahoney Please describe how you can create a temporal pattern without using mass or energy.
  351: Micah Blumberg "Please describe how you can create a temporal pattern without using mass or energy." please explain how you can create mass or energy without a temporal pattern, no wait don't because both thought experiments are irrelevant to the definitions of what the terms physical and non-physical correctly apply to.

a0333z.md:
  36: Advances in technology have a history of both disasters and massive improvements in the quality of life.

a0336z.md:
  17: It's interesting that a tiny insect can manage high speed flight, I've seen pigeons plot amazing flight trajectories that involve predicting the direction and velocity of the vehicles around it, such as the speed and direction of myself on a bicycle, other birds, and other vehicles. Bird flight in a big city is beyond self driving car technology, the bird needs a prediction-model of everything in its environment, the orientation, velocity, and mass of every object around it, and a prediction model of itself, its own orientation, velocity, and mass, so that it can correctly predict a successful flight path. 

a0338z.md:
  4: An information pattern is non-physical because its a configuration of something physical, the configuration itself has no essential mass, energy, or velocity, the information pattern is like a function in a computer program, and the substrate that contains it is like the argument in a computer program. The physical argument is variable, the information pattern is invariable. Cells can detect patterns by firing at a high Gamma frequency ONLY when a specific pattern is recognized via a multiple possible path of near simultaneous presynaptic neuron firings within about 3 milliseconds of one another resulting in the recognition of a pattern via a phasic soliton wave that will cycle through a neural circuit being recognized by other parts of the brain doing pattern recognition. 

a0354z.md:
  66: I do like the idea of a symbiotic relationship between mass, energy and information, or between the chemical (classic physical), electrical (quantum physical), and knowledge (meta-physical). I think with the quantum perspective it seems like everything has a mutual causality. Within the classical perspective there are chains of cause and effect, chains of recognition and transmission, chains of consideration and reaction, chains of criterial deliberation and movement. Within a metaphysical perspective I think it looks like information patterns are driving biology, and that is a cool idea, but perhaps metaphysics is only driving cognition to serve thermodynamics, which is perhaps a larger physical set inside another metaphysical set.
  68: There are those who argue that you can't have anything beyond the physical and that even information is physical, it must be, because it can only be expressed, known, seen, and communicated physically. Information does not have mass, energy, or velocity, it's a structure that sort of exists in time, and sort of outside time, like a sequence, like a causal link, or a temporal association. It isn't a pattern you can touch physically. Yet I think it information is physical in the sense that it is connective, it has distinctions, it is the causal relationships between other physical things. Anyway I think this is sort of far out speculation for me, so I trend onward. What do you think?

a0355z.md:
  8: around a chemical ball, vast networks of electro-chemical reactions, utilize electric and chemical networks predicting, adapting, balancing, and optimizing a whole ecology of electro-chemical interactions, reacting to the electromagnetic waves generated by other chemical balls in a particle space of a looping relationship between increasing complexity (including mass and dissipative systems) and increasing entropy

a0356z.md:
  3: as the eye of a hurricane is to a hurricane, so mass curves spacetime, the mass is the eye of the hurricane, and it's spinning is cumulative, the cumulative of tiny hurricanes in the form of atoms, in the particle wind, so that's the reason there is gravity on large dense objects like the earth, the earth itself is isomorphic to a spinning hurricane, the earth would be the eye of the hurricane funneling space itself and everything in it towards the earth.

a0369z.md:
  23: If there was such as thing as the ever present now moment, an eternal moment that was in a sense always the beginning of time and always the end of time, that moment would be like a wave of almost infinite area, but in exchange for having massive area it would be mostly devoid of recognizable features, it would be a void of space in aggregate, because of the relationship between magnitude & frequency in this fractal cosmos.

a0373z.md:
  85: I'm not arguing that you can get a free lunch, only that this type of universe would necessarily be massively less costly in terms of the amount of data it had to store (compared to the universe you might imagine you are actually in). Somehow you think that the rules for regenerating a single moment in the cosmos would require more bits than everything that appears to exist in that moment, an idea is that is ignoring the principle idea. The principle idea that the information to generate what exists in any moment of the universe is far less than what appears. What appears is a complex outcome of far less complex rules.

a0384z.md:
  52: problems with scale. PERIOD, but just because it might seem implausible, on the basis of scale, for quantum fluctuations to have an influence on human thinking, you have to behold that idea until the end of an unconscious disregard for the potential mass effect of the whole quantum field at once.

a0386z.md:
  25: 23. The density increases when the route of a matter traveling around other matter lengthens the time the amount of time before it's decay, and the density of mass increases more in some parts of the universe, because the decay rates are effected by the traveling time of matter
  26: 24. Matter and Anti-matter are energy, and with a longer traveling time they are also mass. What's that silly equation something about mass being energy divided by the speed of light?
  27: 25. energy equals mass times the rate of particle decay in even space, since space is not even, we get all kinds of cool effects, like light slowdown, and clocks changing their change rate at on the space shuttle because of different densities
  28: Energy equals Mass multiplied by the collision rate of matter and anti-matter in ideal space (even space with no density)

a0387z.md:
   4: The main conjecture is that all mass warps space at all scales, and that space that is unwarped is a photon, but that the energy of an ideal photon breaks down at random, resulting in warped space that expands in both time and area simultaneously.
   6: At the quantum scale any and all particles, except ideal photons (the theoretically kind that has no mass and travels at C, in reality we don't know if real photons match our ideal of a photon, the photons that we do see might have some tiny amount of mass, and they might not travel at the speed of light perfectly, we may never know.)
  10: The strong nuclear force, that brings together a positive proton with a positive neutron is something like orbital velocity, the two positive objects are out of phase, so they can slow each other down, get stuck together, almost like a planet orbiting a sun but different, because it's more like a kinectic orbit, not a literal orbit, the mass that each creates slows down time in the immediate vicinity, that is enough to curve space at the quantum level, and the curved space between the proton and the neutron is what keeps them close together, even as they are also repulsed by another.
  14: So an electron is a mass with charge with a spin, and if its spin is removed then its not an electron by definition, but, by the same token if an electron is not really a fundamental particle, it's chargon+an orbiton+a spinon, that kinds says that an electron really actually can lose its spin, so spin is not intrinsic to particles after all. 
  28: This idea of quantum gravity replaces the extra dimension of string theory, because every mass, from an electron, to an atom, to a molecule is creating a traffic jam in the particle field, which causes particles to flow around it, which causes space to expand in time/space dimensions, these extra dimensions of time and space resolve themselves into the appearance of the three dimensions of space and the one dimension of time, but at the particle level there is a gradient of time dimensions that we don't see with our eyes but that particles react to.
  32: In short the potential number of extra dimensions is every possible combination of mass, from the plank scale, the electron scale, the atom scale, and so on. Every particle combination, atom combination, virtual particle & below threshold virtual atom configuration is going to be space warping in a way that creates extra dimensions for particles to travel via time.
  34: Superposition, at the particle scale things are moving so much faster relative to the human scale because mass/time is slowed by the space that is warped by mass/time
  36: mass&time are the same thing
  38: mass/time/amplitude / energy/space/frequency 

a0397z.md:
  31: Can we have a thought experiment where we think of Gravity as a reverse pressure gradient? Why or why not, only instead of pressure we are talking about the effects of spactime warping at the Quantum & Molecular scales, with aggregate effects from dense matter convergence such as with Fermionic Condensates. Lets create a computer simulation to model the shape of space time with a dynamic time gradient at the quantum scale, as mass converges and space expands as a unified process.

a0400z.md:
  3: I need to connect the notes on quantum gradient time dilation including the one that talks about mass as a time crystal with the notes on neural function, the expansion & contraction of neuronal membrane during & after the action potential (and before the expansion of the dendrite) with the concept that because the mass of the neuron is changing it is literally warping spacetime.

a0404z.md:
  94: Braincells interact and they accumulate patterns, representations of the world, that become stitched together in massive brainwaves, some where in that is this idea, of a self, that is analogous to a direction, but these braincells are not an entity

a0412z.md:
  11: mass has spatial magnitude your brain is both setup to make and consider the spatial magnitude of action potentials in addition to their frequency
  15: both the mass/energy or magnitude/frequency or amplitude/pitch or weight/occurance rate
  79: "At the end of the day its just an array" the brain, memory, the universe, space, spacetimemassenergy is just an array that is stretching and contracting in both time and space preferring certain convexing intervals between both, aka powerband frequencies, the stuff that both our minds and space time is made out of 
  86: in other words the vector field of space time and the mass of space time are examples of two different spatial/temporal patterns that are the inverse of multiplying micro-frequency patterns that are multiplying when they oscillate together harmonically.

a0417z.md:
  28: In the Livingstone–Hubel model, different visual features are segregated into different anatomical compartments, and each feature is processed by a specialized subset of cells. The visual system is thus viewed as disassembling incoming visual information into their component features. This model has been massively popular, and its central tenets are still taken for granted by many researchers. Accordingly, many reviews of the binding problem use the disassembly metaphor as a point of departure: If the system dismantles incoming information into its component features, how does it later reassemble the processed features into perceptual objects?

a0432z.md:
  50: Micah Blumberg The idea that external performance mirrors internal performance reminds me of the idea behaviorism actually. The human brain has more connections than there are stars in this galaxy, its billions of times more extensive than a strand of dna in a sense, and that could mean that a physical performance is a massive reduction, a massively reduced subset of the brains real performance, including the brains real "conscious" performance.

a0434z.md:
   6: ⟪ 341 characters skipped ⟫ted representation, at a high level of abstraction variations in Magnetic dipole activity represent some sort of brain state change or memory state change at highest level of abstraction representing massive neural assemblies that include major brain areas, cortical colums, major junctions, but the important part to keep in mind is that this is just one level of brain state representation in a multi-scale heirarchical brain state. So what happens at the single neuron level or at the cortical column level matters for storing memory patterns that are not in focus at the moment. By looking at the macroscale brain activity with EEG, MRI, MEG or with some other tool you can begin to guess at what is happening at the microscale, ie which areas of the brain are more active, when this happens in EEG studies they call it "EEG Source Localization" EEG also captures high level dipole activity, but the source of that activity can be localized as deeply as the thalami, which is about is about as deep as anyone needs to go into the human brain.
  31: when you zoom out this mass of mini magnets has no magnetism at all

a0444z.md:
  19: from the perspective of base for the off off & on on are 50 percent of the possible states, but I supposed that inreality each possible instance of off on or on off state where some part of the cosmos is in a mass & time amplitude crunching state while some part is in a high frequency expanding mass dissipating state.

a0459z.md:
  27: Another reality is that the biggest governments in the world are making massive investments in Artificial Intelligence and Weaponized Drones already. So any laws that are passed will serve to slow down people who are not rich from acquiring this class of super weapon.

a0464z.md:
  29: fyi My Grandfather led the team that created gps and put the first gps satellite in space http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_P._Randolph from him I learned that time on a satellite moves at a different (slower) rate than it does on earths surface where the curvature of space (related to the density of mass) is greater. It seems unlikely that a human brain is going to slow spacetime without reducing the entire planets density of mass. Gravity and Time are the same thing you see.

a0465z.md:
  5: ⟪ 1325 characters skipped ⟫epts, that exist because of cycles in the mind. These unifying multi-sensory concepts literally drive their own development, like new born chickens breaking out of an egg, because these patterns send massive torrents of feedback to lower levels cells, coordinating them, to support, to align and look for the unifying concept. So people look for more of themselves with their senses in the external world when self concept is driving the mind. I think this is why the self concept of ego isn't the real self, it's an illusion that creates more illusion. Even trying to not think about the self, or trying to have no self, is more of the same. Some people have a medicine, and they try to say the self is everything and nothing. Instead of seeking, they are just knowing it's always everywhere and nowhere. So there is no reason to seek it in the external.

a0472z.md:
  19: your brains activity is a reaction, the connections and memories become the predictions of new causes, and the structure that influencies the development of new concepts, it barely works but it effectively simulates a functional person, with massive redundancy, and efficiency, technology by nature that is slightly more advanced than anything humans have built yet. but there isn't any real you, unless you are concepts consisting of connections between cellular memories, I don't think I'm that, I don't think I actually exist at all. Whats your spin on it?

a0477z.md:
  39: Also in Haskel you could have the eighty core processor calculate each section of a massive category theory defined mind map representing a neocortical column completely out of order and still return the right result.

a0497z.md:
  177: cough, um, isn't it true that electrons can be in superposition. Isn't it true electrons like other quantum particles can exist without a location in spacetime until observed? Isn't it true that an electron (like any particle) is a potential difference between mass and the higgs field? doesn't this suggest to you that spacetime itself is just a potential difference? that we are just a possibility neither truly real, and neither truly not real, simultaneously? it seems that all the information in the cosmos added together is just a possibility, or a potential difference between total mass and total emptiness (a zero higgs field). How can A mean A in so many places if the three lines that make up the capital letter A does not exist potentially, as a possible form between mass and the higgs field like everything else, before the human mind recognizes it? Are you saying that lines do not exist in space abstractly? Are you saying that abstractions do not exist independent of locality? Then do you deny that particles can exist independent of locality?
  217: it might be there and also not there at the same time, simply there is an on position, its there on average. Space is empty on average, and the rest of the time its matter. Thats what there and not there at the same time means, thats space as a probability, or as a potential. mass is 99.99999% empty space, but only on average, its between mass and a zero higgs field, its not simply there, its potentially there, or there on average
  218: the cosmos is a potential between total mass (real) and total zero higgs field (nothing) but only on average, thats why its a potential, and not simply there

a0511z.md:
  27: ⟪ 589 characters skipped ⟫see that other areas of the brain become inhibited at the same time, these other parts of the brain will exhibit less neural activity, less blood flow, less electrical activity that might result from mass action potential firings, the inhibit parts of the brain should correspond to everything you are not thinking about during that window of time. The inhibited parts of the brain should feature the unconscious material.
  53: With Neural Lace we should be able to prove or disprove the existence of alternate beings running on brains, and begin to analyze group behavior in new ways, to understand the collective dynamics of group behavior and to understand collective mental illnesses better, so that we can treat the disturbed masses of humans who are mentally ill in great numbers and unconscious of that fact.

a0529z.md:
  51: In order for a new long term potential memory to form, a new protein must be synthesized by a neuron, and this new protein permanently alters it's physical structure, it's mass, it's energy dissipation requirements, how much energy it takes to cause it's action potential to fire, and how much entropy it can tolerate before dissolution. It's new structure, the result of LTP, is a new genetic structure, a tiny change that can be transmitted when the creature self replicates.

a0543z.md:
  9: Neural Lace as a technology, and as a direction of research is about where the simultaneous exponential growth of technologies is headed and it will have a massive social impact. My podcast is not only about these technologies but it is about democratizing them. This podcast is a vision of the unstoppable change of technology so that individuals, enterprises, and society at large can deal with what is coming.

a0551z.md:
  14: a masstime equation for particles
  16: the idea is that mass is pinching time at the quantum scale
  17: the arc of the oscillating of mass is shorter
  21: the question is about how to describe how time is increasing space from a particles perspective, and thus changing the direction that mass moves in on average, changing the shape of space
  31: mass space is extra
  37: and to shown why the mass of gluons does not add up to the mass of the proton
  58: a masstime equation for particles
  60: the idea is that mass is pinching time at the quantum scale
  61: the arc of the oscillating of mass is shorter
  65: the question is about how to describe how time is increasing space from a particles perspective, and thus changing the direction that mass moves in on average, changing the shape of space
  75: mass space is extra
  81: and to shown why the mass of gluons does not add up to the mass of the proton

a0576z.md:
  17: Deep Blue, aka the computer that beat the chess champion did this "The system derived its playing strength mainly out of brute force computing power. It was a massively parallel, RS/6000 SP Thin P2SC-based system with 30 nodes, with each node containing a 120 MHz P2SC microprocessor for a total of 30, enhanced with 480 special purpose VLSI chess chips. Its chess playing program was written in C and ran under the AIX operating system. It was capable of evaluating 200 million positions per second, twice as fast as the 1996 version. In June 1997, Deep Blue was the 259th most powerful supercomputer according to the TOP500 list, achieving 11.38 GFLOPS on the High-Performance LINPACK benchmark.[12]" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep_Blue_(chess_computer)

a0601z.md:
  43: Since John Archibald Wheeler we know that the universe is mass energy and information

a0607z.md:
  27: Studying Cellular Communication is at the center of everything in biology, everything that exists in space is folded space, including information, essentially mass is information & information is mass, and while we can say that information is invariant to any particular mass, it is essentially always encoded in mass, including when information is in the brain, traveling through the air, or in the memory system of a computer. Regardless of its substrate, information is a pattern defined by variances in mass.
  29: Information is literally folds in space. This idea is based on two things. 1 is the idea that when the energy from a dense object is released the density vanishes and in its place is the opposite of density, which would be expansion (expansion relative to density, in other words density is a contraction of space relative to less dense space) 2. When information is deleted, energy is released, making information analogous to mass, and mass is information in the context of information theory where information is distinguished by the variations in a sequence from rare signals to common signals and the entire spectrum of signals in between and around rare & common signals. 
  33: ⟪ 528 characters skipped ⟫ve to our time, so when spacetime has form, that form exists as a fold of time, so it must slow relative to absolute time, because at full speed, at light speed space & time collapse, and there is no mass, no density, it’s just light full speed. If we could get there we wouldn’t be there, if we could go at light speed we would become light.
  37: So let's say the universe sums up to 0, but in between there are folds of time that exist as -1 or +1, or fractions there on the X axis, and those would be positive and negatively charged particles, but let's put time on the Y axis, because the speed of the particle, positive or negative, relative to C (light speed) is going to encode it’s mass effect.
  39: So particles can travel faster or slower relative to one another, and their frame of time is therefore variable, but since that speed affects whether a particle behaves like energy or mass we have to plot a Y-axis to understand the element of time/velocity on relative particle behaviors

a0616z.md:
  140:     * the phase field distortion of mass, density, and velocity

a0622z.md:
  5: We have a lot of new technologies coming down the pipeline, not just sentient machines, but also new medical technologies that will enable humanity to fix political issues at the medical level before they escalate to mass murder, war crimes, and genocides.

a0625z.md:
  49: https://mwi.usma.edu/swarms-mass-destruction-case-declaring-armed-fully-autonomous-drone-swarms-wmd/?fbclid=IwAR2e3UBIXwAgF1hE6Lo3IfBBUAoifm_BXNcwsgCDsBZm5nop1WHmIOPrTjI

a0641z.md:
  15: slowing closer to the center of mass in part because of a higher concentration of particle collisions
  23: space closer to the center of mass is more excited,  so the -
  30: as you accelerate your particle frequency with high density mass, you experience time more slowly, creating a time/particle diffusion matrix or field.
  34: at the particle scale (meaning the diffusion rate (or movement rate) of particles is decreasing towards the center of a dense mass) the density also means that the frequency of particle collisions is increased (frequency inverted to time or duration) the dilation of time in space means decreased time intervals and the 
  43: on the part of you that is closer to the center of a larger mass like earth.
  45: so I'm more likely to move towards earth because the time diffusion gradient means that particles closer to the center of mass like earth are accelerating relative to particles further away (such as satellites)
  47: Objects with mass exert gravitational force on each other, but specifically gravity is like a wave of particle concentrations, where particles are moving faster in time, but their experience because they are accelerating is one where spacetime 
  49: I am thinking that the mass of space is equivalent but perhaps not equal to space bending, such that protons, neurons, and electrons oscillate as a group, but its as if their topological shape is warped space wave reproducing in intervals of time a three particle wave oscillations that we think of as an atom. At the same time its movement in space over time is the movement of a smaller wave through a larger wave, so what I am suggesting is that space as a whole is like a wave/particle in the sense that space and time are just different from a particle in terms of density, scale & distance between oscillations. All of space down to human cells consists of a fractal tree of functional ismorphic oscillations or dissipative systems, the universe has been described as a system of harmonic waves at the quantum scale, and we can sense vibrations, powerful resonations in part because our whole bodies are made of this sensitive material, but our bodies and minds 
  53: and the vortex is what creates density also known as mass

a0645z.md:
  19: the TMS-EEG experiments helped to illustrate that brainwave activity electromagnetic brainwave activity can be shot around the mass of brain cells, it can flow, it ricochet, like water in a fishbowl, with water being the electromagnetic & sonic brainwave activity, and the fishbowl being the mass of cells making up the brain.

b0006y.md:
  104: (note here, but the principle of gravity is that the intervals of time from the direction of the earth are increased, because of the increased particle activity coming from the direction of the earth which dissipates from the center of the earth with distance. So because there is more particle activity below the atom, if the atom was doing a random walk in the middle of space with no nearby mass, near a planet it is preferentially going to move towards the planet, (the larger oscillator) because the relative intervals of time are increased in the direction of the planet which from the atoms perspective means that the chances of moving in any possible direction are increased in the direction of the earth because each new interval of time is like more space for a chance movement, changing the odds of which direction the atom will move)

b0009y.md:
  105: So So what I'm getting to is in in just in just the same way that the chemical massages like dopamine like you know, neurotransmitters inside vestical socks or exosomes or the transmission of RNA or DNA signals or you know, I guess the spread of inflammatory of or the spread of inflammatory and particles or you know oxidants or the you know the spread of junk spread of viruses the spread of basically anything that is physically moving around in.
  113: It's at the one with just pass through. You pass through the earth and they don't collide with anything because they don't have any any mass is that, is that right? But, but the I forget how that story goes, but So here's the thing, is that is that we have this.
  350: So there's horror that's happening and it's bad. But we can also think of the future as a science fiction in future one, in which enormous good will is the next step. After all this pain that we've been through Enormous. Good isn't is the future step, right? And, and that's why, you know, we need massive medical healing, we need to be able, we have the ability.

b0038y.md:
  33: ⟪ 333 characters skipped ⟫ing one part of one frame of a video in your mind, constructing your reality. One of the ideas is that any combination of neural arrays can join up in the brain's dynamic on the fly freely connecting massively parallel processing architecture to make up a rendered frame of your consciousness mind for one interval of time, and that is perceived by the next array of excited & inhibited neurons)

b0044y.md:
  85: Diverging segments to the grain ourselves period, they're diverging the diverging but signals because there's like a million granule cells, or something like that. And and then there's like mate to something on the order like 50,000. Entering on cortex. So it's like this massive fanning out right? You going from a small amount of cells to compared to three larger amount of cells.

b0053y.md:
  183: It's like the mass of energy. Now, it's like the volume of energy, the volume of energy, and really volumeless. It's a huge volume. The volume of energy is this vast distance? That's inverted to the speed of mass.
  186: The volume of energy time of energy is inverted to the speed of mass. Does that make sense? Yes, yes it does. Yes. It is. Because what I'm saying is like the idea of math is that mass is much more slower and frequency. So the volume of energy is inverted to the speed of mass, the slowness of mass is inverted to this.
  189: Then, mmm volume better. Do the bridge and slowness of mass?
  192: The volume of energy, the volume of energy is big because the the volume of mass is the is the as the contraction of energy, the volume of mass is the contraction of energy, the contraction of space time into an also tory configuration. It's like, oscillating, eating other oscillations. So, the volume of space time and energy and the mass of space time.
  204: Mass like think of masses like muscle and think of of Of space is like fat, right? So muscle has three times the the density of fat like so a pound of muscle is one third the size of a pound of fat because it's more dense. And so because so basically it's just like saying that planets are dense points in space, but the dense points in space are the hot points.
  249: That's right. That's causing contracted space to expand in time, but it's causing energy to expand and volume in. In a relationship with it's causally the expansion of the volume of energy, which is the space around. So, the energy is a space energy. So the volume of energy around a mass is relative to that mass, but essentially the volume is like if space is a single sheet, okay?
  252: Then imagine that a mass is crunching. Space up. And if the fact in effect that could look like, if you push on a sheet, really hard, right? And you have basically, but if you push on a sheet between two, different spheres between two different oscillators, okay? Then then the, the line between them is relatively more sunken than the lines that are not between them, right?
  267: There is a two part of the two ways to describe the same thing. Space is heating up and it's heating up and it's colliding a lot. Those are the same thing, right? So, it's heating up and it's colliding a lot. And inside mass and a collision step with the collisions are
  300: But it but overall it's hotter overall, it's hotter. So, overall entropy is as I guess happening faster around mass. And so,
  303: Entropy is like participation of mass into energy and which is like. So participation entrepreneur. Does that make sense and to this energy? So the universities either mouse or energy but the universe is really like, either mass or frequency or the universe versus either distance, or frequency, or the universe is either amplitude or frequency like this distance and amplitude.
  420: Having space time to it's putting a drag on space time. So it's causing space time to and be faster closer to the center of the oscillator and slow down further away from the center of the. Also the curvature space time starts from the center of any oscillator and the this the the mass of the oscillator, the combined oscillator.
  429: So that if you have a certain amount of space, it's positively charged. You have to have a certain amount of spaces, negatively charged. And so, if you have space contracting it or to be mass-like, then you have to them. Then a greater amount of area has to exist for space.
  549: He can lower frequency and mass increase.
  552: Actually, the diversion of frequency and and amplitude. So masses, the amplitude relative to the frequency of energy.
  555: Is it masses? The amputee. That's inverted to the frequency of energy because mouses energy moving out more stories and masses. So mass is the energy.
  648: I still look at it, I'm almost there. Okay, but I look, it's like, okay, so you have. So in the case of, if you have two masses that are firing at each other, all right, so one planet sends another light. So, the light from the sun is knocking, earth and pushing earth away, right in theory or or something else is happening.
  744: Is been playing with the summer here. It gets where the concept of proportional. Vertical, set of proportionality, depends on both the mass.

b0055y.md:
   81: And so the expansion of time is caused by my particle masses, right. And that it's that expansion time. You should think of it as time is like, it's, it's like, it's, it's fourth dimensional, but in this, right? But it's, but it could be fifth. Six, seventh, eighth, dimensional. I mean, the idea is that it's just advancing forward in time and I mean, like,
   99: So like, imagine that each oscillator is like a 3d configuration of space time. It's creating 3d space time. But, but, but well in actuality it's creating intervals of three days based on it. So, the interval of state of through these baseline increases with mass or decreases with frequency.
  102: Or as I say increases with increasing mass or decreases with, and increasing frequency,

b0066y.md:
  32: I have a lot of ideas I want to share with everybody and ask people to co-create some artwork with me on your website and we'll link them all together in a massive project. We'll create our own like many metaphors. That's about the human mind and about artificial in networks and about nerve.

b0069y.md:
  494: It's such an odd signal. And it's happened in mass and they're available. Brain scans for, you know, the great British train or whatever it was, so there's before and after covenants of people and you could probably cross reference, that was a nosy. And that would give you like a light up kind of picture of where in the brain, in particular, the damage occurs.

b0072y.md:
  14: I don't lost over and I don't know if that's real massive, but no. So what I'm saying is like, what what I'm describing is that we are going to have the knowledge of how to scale brains from from small brains to large brains. So we can build brains that are on the insect level or on the cat level or on the human level or beyond human level.
  59: It's like the, the bigger the computer is that the, the bigger the brain and and so it it with this super like massive most powerful possible minds will be large interior. They'll be large enough too, you know, for for large entities to make maintain collective control over in order participate with like to link with and and merge with.

b0073y.md:
  110: And so like basically, like and the mass amount of connectivity means that basically like patterns get learned over and over again, and in layers by many different layers of neurons but many different sets of neurons. And this allows patterns to be represented by a sort of like any neurons in the brain can represent any pattern at some point because and then patterns just basically flow from one region to another through the transmission of face of phase changes.

b0081y.md:
  175: And one of the times when I tried Salvia Divinorum, which is a legal psychedelic medication that you could purchase online, there was one occasion in which I lost the ability to notice the difference between any object in the room. Basically, every object in the room including the room itself merged together into a single swirly mass that I was also part of. 

b0093y.md:
  53: Okay, go ahead. So, that's study, could be expanded. I mean that I would love to see like China, you know, sort of trying to has really this massively impressive operation in existence for, for, you know, that we saw at work. You know, in the post covid-19 era, with how they retire trying to react, or to covid-19, and its initial days and it's like massively coordinated way and they're able to do something huge in fantastic.
  61: There, there are giant companies that are gonna fall now, because they made very bad investments, that could take down, not just the not just the Chinese economy, but also the global economy. So, we are facing basically, potentially like a global economic crash, because of math, because of the mass of stale of China, and the decisions that are that are made there at high levels, not not necessarily always being the best decisions and what but it would be like if we could somehow like

b0101y ctpr.txt:
  29: We're lacking in like it would be great if everyone in the world was participating. In. Scientific studies if we had like mass scale, scientific studies. And we asked everyone in the world to participate in these studies. And you know, like, you know what, like the idea is like, well, what if we're watch, take over our jobs?

b0104y.md:
  66: We were all working on together. That's our new job is like we get to work with literally every single human being on the planet. We're all part of the same workforce. I think that's the I think that's the opportunity of building, like, massive, basically, massive attractors that are so foreign networks is that they will caught.

b0105y ctpr.txt:
  32: So if it's oscillating to get, if everything is oscillating together then it should have a magnified pressure or density. But if things are, if if the oscillations are if it's not oscillating together as a mass then it might have is a single mass and it might have much less density.
  82: ⟪ 266 characters skipped ⟫ly, learned sensory data that becomes your your brain is facing and so your new memories are co-creating reality with your older eyes and then and then but that but you're all as your old memories of mass there, I'm just imagining that they become sort of there.

b0107.md:
  251: A lot of the AI processing that you see with the style, again, demo, these are done on massive multi, GPU systems in some instances or and in some of them on, you know, at least like a GPU, that's like, you know, like an RTX, 2080 or 390, at least one really powerful to GPU.

b0108y ctpr.txt:
  6: I mean so it's already like documented and predicted how particles in the in the electromagnetic field that we're going to move in response to to mass. There's there are pictures of, you know, art basically particles in an electric field sort of depicted as arrows, which indicates they're their motion up and down motion.

b0109y ctpr.txt:
  23: And and that could have a cascading a patterns that could cause cascading patterns of circuits of neurons firing that. So, it's like, it's like, you know, I'm just imagining that you might that that there is some sort of spontaneous firing in inside you, because of that are triggered by massive electromagnetic events and so you might feel something, you know, like your heart feels like it's bursting with happiness or sadness, or happiness.

b0125y ctpr.txt:
  36: That structural building block to a chemical snack. So the electrical said there's there was at one point and a life, you're both synapse inside every chemical synapse. And whether that still active or inactive is is is a different question, but if you want the ability for signals to quickly amass power to move muscles, there is a way for that and those are excited to worry.

b0130y.md:
  74: That I heard I've heard people talking about in terms of like the multimodal nature of the study and sort of like it's a massive study, they're giving away the stuff for free. But they're also very specific about how you know about now describing the math, the methods of the study and sufficient detail that they can be that someone that someone else who has never met, those researchers can can continue the study by producing results in the same way.

b0131y.md:
  57: # (In my notes I write the brain is tomographic (connecting imaginary vectors that trace neural activity via synaptic growth (LTP), and not holographic (creating a massless lightfield)

b0139y.md:
  16: It all happens at the the, the massive connections, and then they'll cortex happen. Close to the servers of the skull. It's almost like,
  38: Spares like if you could build something around the sun that was designed to maximally harness solar energy. So if you build something that's like the distance of earth away from the sun but it went all the way around the entire sun so that you could be at about earth distance, Oregon Sun but there'd be this massive that's the fear really basically be like the sun is inside Dyson sphere, right?

b0141y.md:
  59: Like, I felt like I could understand the entire universe of the practical, and I think I written down the story. So, I was seeing if I could find it, But but besides that part, like neo-mind cycle gave me this idea that we could potentially extend our minds into our computer, the consciousness could be expanded that I could that the mind that I have now included exists inside a larger mind where my ability to compute could be massively multiplied by an external brain and I said, okay, my expectations

b0146y ctpr.txt:
  101: But it's, it's in, it's, it's, it's one of the things about a mass of about a massively connected graph, randomly connected graph, that, that means that, you know, his heart. It's, it's, it's trying to say that things happen, you know, simply like from like the V1 cortex fires and then, and that talks and B2 listens and then B4, listens to that like that, you know, that is a massive oversimplification because it it's that the pattern or direction could be any because.

b0151y.md:
  104: It's being able to sort of react to reality because it's like, it's not just reality. It's like yeah, it's like predictions of how different patterns of movement will cause changes. And so, and how in it's this predictions of how the model of this thing called the shelf, or this body of movements causes changes to the mass that is generated from the primary symptom sensory areas.

b0153y.md:
  29: And since many different neurons are recording essentially different slices of that same pattern, it's not holographic it's tomographic. We have to combine the distribution of activations over time, connecting them, the sparse distributed representation of patterns is not holographic phase pattern, it's not a lightfield that has no mass, where light is mixing with encoded wave patterns to create a lightfield. That's not what I predict is happening in the brain. Instead I predict that we have neural oscillatory tomographic information emerging from (and connecting) the topography of phase patterns over time, so that each variant or version of the pattern (as represented by different neurons) is representing a different view of the object that's being learned or the sequence that's being learned (or recalled at that moment. but then merged together or entified via temporal synching.

b0156y ctpr.txt:
  20: You have a person who can run, you know, conference the size of the ES as far more capability than the average high school student. I mean, there is a massive amount of knowledge at the person. Running the giant conference has acquired knowledge and expertise and skill. And they've their mind is very experienced at what they do, right?
  22: That's professional level. You have to be great at organizing and you have to be able to execute a plan very well. And you gotta have a great team of people who are who are just as hardworking as you are. And just this competent. And if it's an incredible feat to like with some people do it, organizing a massive multi-day events around the world you know, or organizing massive companies.
  24: That's another asset thing. Like, Facebook is a massive complex, right company. Brilliant people doing brain things, right? I mean the oculus is just amazing, right? This is like so awesome documents and So regardless of you know how the brain works, how a neurons are are collecting and transmitting information to one another and then and then collectively as a network.

b0159y ctpr.txt:
  19: Every single time you are going to have leakiness happen and the action, potential surge, it is going to be an event where a lot more, leakiness happens. And the leakiness, the leakiness that's happening is just as important as the surge itself. So this, so the neuron itself as registering a massive event, but it's leaking out, a massive event everywhere in the three dimensions because the whole membrane is leaky and because of whole neuronics expanding, it's not just an electrical event that's leaking out.

b0161y ctpr.txt:
  6: The block world is like all the tentacles mats so imagine Minecraft but you know it's like Minecraft as a world that's built out of cubes right there. It's like, it's like one instance cube yields. This massive world of cubes. And and so it's sort of like a boxel engine in spirit, right?

b0166y ctpr.txt:
  29: Is that neuron, right? Because now there's additional protein to the structure, larger. The structure has more mass and thus, the structure has one density more. Electromagnetic. So more protein and creates more protein, a new protein, new protein synthesis is created and that neuron Becomes.

b0181y ctpr.txt:
  69: So, you know, something for optimists, at least. At least it may not be in the beginning, I don't know. It could be very crazy popular in the future. Maybe. Maybe you have the masses will be doing it but time, but what I think that I really do believe, there'll be an automation path with light imaging.

b0187y ctpr.txt:
  43: Then that the location of that food is now is now able to withhibi learning to wire with the with the place of that. The that the masses are recognized as a place or not a place, but is a position inside a place. And then we have the grid cells, will help the mouse to remember which room it was out of all the different rooms, okay?

b0189y.md:
  25: Sensory data can be collected in combined and formed and and then we need to like dive deep in from to go from medical imaging into neural networking in terms of like you know the neural network is is putting together really massive images. But also translating apparently, apparently we're transmitting of virtual portraits meaning information about both sensory data and and motor data all over the brain like throughout the neural networks at high level from from.

b0197y ctpr.txt:
  139: You can take the same number of parameters and massively multiply the number of possible. Patterns by having an inhibitory system, that allows like the lowest level features of a neural network to be knocked out ever. And and to make way for other other patterns to emerge instead. And so you create the opportunity for for lots of novel patterns, lots more novel patterns to occur by having a sort of

b0198y ctpr.txt:
  39: That that can cause like you know eventually like there's these major shifts in the creatures lifespan and that can be noticed that brain contract and so there's definitely like all of the the biology of cells that are talking to one another are it's this massive massively parallel computation balances and and the bottom in the the I think the computation at the root even though we have DNA even we have like DNA is its chain of nucleotides that encode how proteins are folded if it's the DNA bicep, doesn't do anything.

b0200y ctpr.txt:
   26: And they still do that to this day and they plant electrode arrays. Like the Utah array. They plant all sorts of devices. There was there was there's one that you know, there's there's there's new things like it's like a pen into injects. You can inject the sensor and write into the center of of a mouse, massive brain.
   34: In terms of how many let how much how many electrodes exists and the kind of stimulation that can be given and the kinds of close of therapies that can be deviceed. It's just a massive. It's a massive improvement over you, but it's also a massive improvement over. Well, okay, so so let's go to deep brain submission.
   44: So if you look at transplanting a director, current simulation, it is a a very light shock to the frontal lobes. And and so you, so with electro controls of therapy, a person could get so many, massive shocks to their head that they sort of began to feel sedated but maybe they're their brains were permanently changed and in damage maybe there was damage done that sort of like it's a dated that and in a long term way and maybe sort of inhibited their their brain function going forward and made them almost stable to mentally.
  108: That is sort of keeping this stuff here, which is interesting because it's, it's like it's supposed to be that gravity is keeping your stuff. Here gravity is just the curvature space and space cars around the maps. And the mass is creating an electric field, an election, magnet field That and in, in the electromagnetic field is curving away at the sun's ejection, but it should be, right?
  110: So it's it's almost curving space. So solar flares, right? So it seems like the electric magnetic field of earth is curving away. The sun's flares and in into doing things like maybe the magnetic field is curving space and that's just like sitting right in front of us, it's curving space and in the context of pushing, way, solar flares and if it's curving space, in the context of solar flares, and if it's admitted from mass then and maybe the the
  124: Then so can any other particle? In fact, it's mass the curves face, right? You have this high density. When you have a large amount of density, intensity is very space. All right. A lot of particle speeds together and they're pulling on the fabric space to curve it polar or shaping space, and it's like it's it's it's it.

b0206y ctpr.txt:
  5: So it's um, 335 am and I just finished a massive, mushroom psychedelic experience.
  9: Lot about it was this was really a great night to like organize, all my thinking to mass extent, that's what I love. I really love it when can really like

b0210y ctpr.txt:
   18: Currently we're dealing with whatever. We can't project in reality using our limited sensors but tomorrow it would be massive. So some would have access to the technology and some like always would not. So how would we deal with that? Kind of disparity is another question from social logical perspective.
  117: That's the following. If you want to talk about other things like that, if you logical access, that I would love to learn more, okay? They would like to comment again. I don't know about the side effects. You know that this would do if it's used massively, but I would just like to look at it at the network effect or what the because in the past, look at how our computers are so big and how so expensive and because of more slow, how people are using, you know, our mobile now that even the poor people, of course, also have mobiles now, and who could imagine that only in a few years, people would have access to this particular kind of technology about like maybe 10 15 years before you.
  120: But imagine the even a cell phone that's being used. Personally, you're even by businesses. It's like, you know, so big and to stretch it out before that a computer is like a, you know, how many buildings and how much does it cost? But now it is in your phone and we're using it in clubhouse with a better capacity that the ones that they had before and to democratize it we have Androids that cheaper scale where there is a massive use of such by people.

b0213y ctpr.txt:
  107: I guess we can. I guess we can broaden their focus with with the democratization of neural link and narrow gaseous. Neural ink neural lace and nerve care technology with a democratization of next generation brain, computer interface and brain machine interface technology. They can be. That means that like anyone can make them and and and perhaps they can be mass produced at an inexpensive price and science can be open and everyone can learn and and and we can in, you know, and hopefully we can figure out how to how to fix the big problems in the world.

b0231y ctpr (audio) Vr Choices China.txt:
  5: And so now we're out now we're taking off our our mass and we're actually in reality, right? But then it's also like a detention center inside of dystopia. It's like a fascist opia and people are, people are playing a game in VR. They're playing in VR in order to escape the the dullness of their, of their daily lives.

b0235y ctpr.txt:
  267: So I would not be surprised that if we like with some agents. We the five early the neurons for example, let's say now in the monkey and we now show images of like it's done today. With this massive data sets that we would still see in the higher order, visual cortex selective responses different classes.

b0252y.md:
  490: Just this and this new stuff to uncover, new studies to be done as just just a gigantic amount of work. But but eventually, yeah, eventually, we'll get to a point where with today's technology and a ton of work and a ton of resources and a massive amassive. Yeah, undertaking.

b0268y ctpr.txt:
  165: Masses on it can have their own local calcium concentration that can tune that spine of which there are thousands on a neuron to you know, turn on or off or you know be slightly elevated or depressed. So there's quite a bit of state in the neuron. There is this view that the dendritic branches are like sub neurons in a network that are rolling up to the main neuron.
  282: ⟪ 378 characters skipped ⟫ spikes me up and then turn resists counter wave of potassium ions that all open up and as they all flow out and it's giant you know, see change it's like the whole thing kind of flips over with this massive voltage swing and it's that massive voltage.
  285: That is the so-called act of potential which lasts for about a millisecond and then it propagates down the axon we're just sort of massive kind of waves sort of like the way that the football stadium where you know the wave then you do the wave or like falling dominoes would be another analogy those falling dominoes just trickle all the way down the axon and carry the signal to the end of the axon and that's the action potential and it's being done by this, you know giant wave of sodium atoms coming in and then potassium atoms going out Texas big signal and then around has to resettle that has to clean all that up but move all the items back to where they came from which takes a while.

b0276y.md:
  342: that's not entirely correct underlie correct because there's actually this where it looks like the first is merging into the second one perfectly but actually there's a math equation happening because as first one is it's there, they're both merging to each other so like, The overall mass is increasing.
  345: Right because one thing margin do something else is overall mass increasing. To it's kind of like.
  603: And then we're gonna move your solely with their giant and they're overlapping see that's like there's like a the the foot of a statue isn't every. And every place where there's an a so you have like a thousand overlapping statues and they're all massive but there's just as many dashes there are microscopicase because there were every a is that's where the foot of a new statue is beginning that's where the token is that you're beginning.

b0296y.md:
  112: Yeah, well, I think the reason they want with PCMs, you know, like for DVDs. It's just for for energy efficient storage because it's it's going to produce a massive amount of data and that's the that's the bigger concern. So, I thought it was that you was that was. Kind of a going through something.

b0302y.md:
   187: So this would be the technology to solve that problem. So what does dozens do though is fix neurons when you get outside? So that that wouldn't address that issue. Um, so can what you said it made me imagine that there could be a future version of an early that has light electrodes and that that the masses will be basically they're they're DNA will be altered so that they're they can respond to genetics.
   190: Is do you think that's realistic that that that often and genetics could become like a mass market solution for human beings down the road or is that just unrealistic? Oh, Some push and extreme situations right where people are totally blind and they really want this because they don't want to stay like or let's say severe parkings on like that you are on uncontrollably, you know, you can't you can't basically live your everyday life anymore like your life quality is so low that the the cost of the risk is you know, how to you know, it just outweighs the, Laid on I think.
   304: Impedance tomography to to get massively better results in massively massive improvements in in the image resolution with with deep learning combined with EIT, so another thing is I'm I just saw paper for laser Doppler holographic and of course, you know, everyone knows that merely Jefferson is working in laser holographic the laser part of that means that these that the camera sensor is going to be is enabled will enable the detection of single neurons at the firing speed of.
   518: I that's a yeah, I don't know. Yet. At low intensity RT mass as well, so not just really high intensity magnetic fields and we have shown in animal model that low intensity magnate fields can still induce a plasticity response, however, this is not sort of activated through your usual LPD LPD pathways because it's sub-threshold but you know that this is a research that we're looking at so but it's still high relative to the usual magnetic fields that you would be exposed to.
   578: So in other words, it is a way of self-optimizing think about it as machine learning being applied. To. The fullness of what computing can do in a massively parallelized environment. If that makes sense. Then I see we are we are limited to program at the API level because I'm seeing the global train now.
  1315: ⟪ 511 characters skipped ⟫y video and a monkey is controlling a cursor on a screen and it's basically a replication of brain gate so brain gate was is one of the the goals that they're trying to do is they might create like a mass produced.
  1318: In gate that you can. You can leave in the brains of people who are paralyzed and they'll be able to control cursors on screens and and maybe a lot of other things. You know hands like artificial and limbs and they'll have more fine motor controls with those things to narrow link and this is like low hanging fruit for a device with an early capabilities and so these things will be mass produced so my perspective is that that whatever whatever the public knows about that.
  1366: My name that the point is how people who work in this agencies so often complain about how they don't have access to top talent that's like apparel really really important to me. All right well, I mean, we're kind of I think we're kind of at the we're going way off topic here so the topic maybe I should recap the topic so yeah, we're just talking about neuralink and nementor in the massive overlap between the two mementos given us this sort of map for how our cortical columns are creating reference frames that reference the objects and and they can work together to represent everything we can see in here within our conscious work space right and then amenta so Nementa is going to be.
  1384: ⟪ 276 characters skipped ⟫g to be what is um was the public gonna ask the government can do to do what kind of laws does the government want to consider passing what what is the real like, you know, these devices are gonna be mass produced for?
  1390: ⟪ 510 characters skipped ⟫e LDT which is a long-term depression and what happened was the animals compulsive behavior went away such so that's sort of thing is like has been demonstrated in a mouse what's also a demonstrated amasses is them, you know, taking a scanning base the basic primitive memories like fear and, Like a fear response to a certain thing and then transferring that with opportunities to another mouse so that's it's an example of reading and writing to the human to to a brain and when we have the high definition of neural link we're gonna have high definition reading and a high definition writing capabilities in the future, so maybe a high definition image.
  1825: ⟪ 317 characters skipped ⟫n EEG but but that's some because the magnetic fields are not scattered and just and distorted by by the skull but so that's why we you know you put electrodes inside the school and the resolution is massively better.

b0303y ctpr.txt:
   4: ⟪ 614 characters skipped ⟫ofound implications in the long run so that's like maybe what is the ethical what is that what is a European legal system going to do then right and the other thing is that neural link is going to be mass-produced technology will be everywhere that means that you know, the European legal system can pass laws about it, but it will beat this this device would be everywhere so so what are other countries going to do with it and what are people who just decide they don't need to.
  22: There's there's many other brain computer interface technologies that are being developed in parallel to neural link by other. Good companies that I know about. And these technologies will become cheap and economical and mass-produced and shipped everywhere in the world. Just because they're needed and because they're they're they're going to be mass produced and so that for price for for money.

b0305y.md:
  133: To implant electrodes above the somatosensory cortex or the motor cortex I've ever one of those two and in order to so that the patients could control a mouse on on a screen and and thus control variety of different devices basically for paralyzed people so they want to they want to basically create an improved version of that just to just you know, as a proof of concept because they can because if they mass produce this and then that means that that every paralyzed person in the world can have one and and and now everyone.

b0306y.md:
  383: And I'll take masses questions. I got this question earlier. I've also gotten this several other events I've done and I guess it must be a current thing that people think a lot about this sort of social aspect or the you know, collective intelligence. I totally agree that these are very fascinating aspects of society and and other animal behavior included play an important role in human endeavors.

b0310y.md:
   887: And it definitely and worse if there seems there is a shrinkage of mass that there's a shrinkage of cortical mass that occurs with the entire brain so and it does in this and this is of course the late stage of the disease so much so that you actually when they do an autopsy compare it to a normal brain you can actually see how shriveled is you don't even need to put on a scale at that point, so there is a so essentially it starts in the bin marine memory is the, First thing that's obviously affected but then it bit I would I hate I it did spreading is not the point the right word, it's just the proliferation of the towel proteins and the beta ammo in plaques it just it it becomes more pervasive as the per disease progresses.
  1501: And so far the wow it's remains civilian and medical oriented but I suspect there are programs that are doing things differently so in terms of you know, so you may have the ability to mass market as this product they may be in everyone's cell phone it may be distributed all over the world and and people in every country may have this technology and and you know, so I imagine that they there's gonna be a lot of company.
  1629: And it's causing this massive innovation everywhere all at once and it may be people were thinking about this a hundred or two hundred years ago, maybe sounds like it but but but now the the technology is allowing all the different possible variations to and even stuff like that was never imagined before to start to happen.

b0311y.md:
    21: I guess you know, it's it's it's neuralink is trying to just show that they can do the same things that other devices can do that they can. Because because by itself if you can prove if they if they can prove that they're their device can do what it would an eCog machine can do but it's it's cheaper and it's mass produced well that's good enough it's a good enough value proposition right and and it has other other benefits over over eCog for that specific application of just you know, having having a person or a monkey just control a cursor on a computer or you know, remote or just a remote limb.
   138: ⟪ 425 characters skipped ⟫ into the system so basically you you inject that and then because it's big inflammatory response so I'll probably have to use LPS to get at the mechanisms and then do some sort of either on targeted mass back or proteomics or RNA seek to see which transmitters I should say inflammatory molecules are.
   892: ⟪ 429 characters skipped ⟫e a 3d wrap around image super simple, but it may does make it look like it's under water which was fun and what you can notice in that video is that there's like you see this like the the just like, Massive slow down in the frame right because that is one thousand spheres it's it's it's two basically is I don't I don't think it's labeled at that point so it basically we had the two electrodes and each electrode was divided into five different frequency ranges that left and right alpha beta theta gamma delta and and then we had not only did they move up and down in sort of a times here, what is the time series it's a 3d time series and so they moved up and down basically so each incoming signal we assumed.
  1033: ⟪ 326 characters skipped ⟫ it's sticking a lot more and it's in there a lot smaller and it's it's a it's just it's it's better and it's generations better than then then something like Utah array or DBS, it's just it's just a massive leap forward, but what it's just really.
  1413: ⟪ 279 characters skipped ⟫e stadium collapses right but then you think what the stadium itself is causing the football to happen no it's not it's just the container so that's so I think it's just I think Oracle is just like a massive mistake and they're confused they're 
  1623: There's so there's a there you need to build you need to have some words before other words and you know, there's there tends to be this this prominence of words being required before other words can go and so the words the words have to be grafted on to ground and experiences and grounded situations and and grounded nouns and so that becomes rather invariant in variant and one can say there's a massive amount of variability, but the groundedness and that then the types and the features of things and the conditions.

b0313y.md:
    85: ⟪ 302 characters skipped ⟫hose neural firings, it means it could literally edit your thoughts so we are talking about reading and writing to your short-term memory now this the the the potential for for misuse obviously is is massive and that's it's a big in term for this group, but the bit.
   340: I mean, of course all of them neuroscience isn't necessary and like it was just a massive field that. Goes back hundred two hundred years, so yeah, so I mean, I agree it's all it's all part of the same development there but as far as like the commercialization I think it's important to note yeah like this is a huge the neural link if they pull it off which is definitely hasn't happened yet, you know, like they have to have human, you know subjects and and have people controlling the computers.
   346: And mass-producing it if they actually end up doing that which is what they plan to do it's that's it's just it's not an easy thing it's technologically it's not it's not complicated like this technology has existed we it hundred percent in fact it existed before 2003 or four when we did it it was not new technology even then is a little bit complicated to take, you know, neuroscience technology electrical engineering technology clinical neurosurgeon types of things and put them together but it's not none of those things were new it's and they're definitely not new now but putting.
   349: Them together and making them commercial and using like a robotic implant and mass-producing it that's that's very new and I don't think anyone has ever done a neural, you know, a neural interface and I think the coolest part is going to be when they go into an augmentative type of approach going instead of just like helping someone with spinal cord injury or ALS to regain, you know, limb movement or control a robotic arm or control computer or an 
   380: I think that what you're getting is not only like a massive massively greater amount of information at a massively higher sampling rate and just like you're getting big data, you're getting data that might be more than your phone can handle and your phone may not be able to handle.
   738: Massive parallel computation.
   860: ⟪ 315 characters skipped ⟫ surgery automatically so the idea that we had that in the future we will have machines that do surgeries like a vending machine that does a surgery that that's that's sort of like a big component to mass producing medicine in a hundred, you know in the next hundred years it's basically to have the precision of surgery so well done by a computer that is better than a human being could do it and then you could eventually put it in a vending machine and and mass produce.
   924: I don't know if it's still up to date but the sunshard records rain activity in a way that's I guess similar to EEG or or ECOG which are like surgically implanted electrodes but the advantage of being inside the school. It is massive. I mean, that's just basically the field of ecog research, right?
  1110: ⟪ 653 characters skipped ⟫e you could have you could have more control over your your own choices and you can make better choices and and you'd have enlightenment and you would you would and also like what if what if we could mass produce enlightenment for people become very in touch with themselves, very self-aware and very at peace they find very they like you like like imagine that think about all the unhappy people in the world well, well what if you could this create a device, okay, well, hey, you're unhappy but there's a there's a way try this device in a short order you'll be.

b0314y.md:
  416: And so what we're seeing when when people get infected with chrono virus and it works through its different stages of eventually people develop this uncoupling or this disregulation of the sympathetic nervous system and you get this massive outflow of adrenaline which then leads. To increased sharing forces on the line of the blood vessels and unnecessary damage and disruption of the empathy.
  458: So you know it's it's it's a balance but if you think about what's going on with Corona virus, we know that there's this explosion of inflammatory proteins in the bloodstream and massive oxidative damage downstream from there, so to the extent that we can get that under control and then the systemic inflammatory response can be modulated and beneficial way, so maybe my understanding was incorrect, but but I thought that the you know, the way that the path was actually like the Kobe 19 attacks the H2 receptors damages the end of the dealer lining of Cells which is the point at which oxidative stresses happening the later on down the line inflammation is happening is is that incorrect?
  510: But everyone everyone sold this has gonna be of course the most effective way of basically eliminating NADPH and other yeah, I'm reactive oxygen species and the end point is to increase by superoxide discontinues that's basically your sort of mass well inclusive times the final admaster antioxidant but in the endothelium as regards cells, it's the discontinues that you want, so that was the theory again there's no reason why it shouldn't have worked but no.
  546: I hear RRRRR voice doing it gets in the lungs it does a hell of a number on him, um, that's not the case right so basically in in April March April, but really April the first autopsy started to come out where you had patience with fully compliant lungs as you say not much like Abiola pulmonary damage, but massive microvascular damage masculine sister systemic damage, so that was the big mystery this is not like of course you have like run fibrosis, but you look it's not like a classic viral influenza and So that started meat on the plants of looking at it from the same perspective as you have done and it sounds like yeah the guy that you were just interviewing that basically you're looking at the damage to the yet the systemic faster but also also particularly has concerns the brain microvascular damage and what results from that and there are lots of theories about about you know about that, but certainly, Hmm oxidative stress and super oxidation is involved in all of them the questions, how does that arise, right?
  562: It was basically the glycus spiked proteins binding to the, Se two cell membrane enzyme is a competitive binding which basically means that antichoo cannot enter the cell cannot bind an entrance cell, right? So one of the things that's characteristic is a massive spike in anti-tense and two in the blood.
  564: That's one of the big findings. It's like massive circuit and that's where the notion of kind of a competitive binding or something like it came along and the point about ang two is the process by which it induces oxygen stress is. By basically increasing levels of have you heard did you come across something called aisle six or internal pan six?
  572: Produce magic oxide important for two reasons, which describe the pathology. This is what I realized when I was looking at all chopsies in April is that you have fully compliant lungs, but you have massive kind of micro protein in the ambient pulmonary pulmonary microvasculature, right? And so that is maybe explained well, I think now we can say yep that is explained by basically the dearth of nitric oxide because nitric oxide leads to a lack of ability to vasodilate, right?
  574: So you basically, Over a and your tension to by the way is also a base of constriction peptide. So you get massive base or constriction and you have a lack of nitric oxide which stops you being able to dilate those vessels and ensure efficient oxygen transport the other thing is that nitric oxide is essential for anti coagulation.
  602: You're switching to a hydrogen peroxide dependent vasodilation, you get a massive amount of this oxidative stress that goes along with it just because it financial is a little bit more of a promiscuous oxidative molecule. Yeah exactly so there's some this a differential function of production of endothelial nitric oxide under hypoxic conditions and I think that's something that's definitely worth looking into and that mechanism exists and that there are actually multiple way that there are there are so many things which converge upon area then sorry endothelial cells to produce nitric oxide and they are different.
  710: Yeah, I tend to think that that's that that's also to do with the microvascripture that basically to the vascular microvascular vasculature also there was a recent study done imaging the vasculature of patients with long covet and who have focal brain damage and what they've discovered was massive damage to particularly the microvasculature and so interestingly this is kind of interesting.
  754: To UVA so I reasoned that basically it was this reservoir of yeah nitric oxide precursors that would be massively attenuated under insufficient UV and that would mean that you had basis between less bioavailable magic oxide to call upon to defend endothelial nitric oxide production and then of course nitric oxide in the end is as I said, the only molecule we know of that is capable of actually.
  756: Imactivating or yeah basically nitric oxide isn't is extremely effective in inactivating bacteria protozoa and viruses it's used by macrophages and the primary by macrophages in viral clearance, so I reasoned just be lack of bioavailable nitric oxide would. Basically potentiate, you know, a great your massive disease vulnerability, so if you Google covered 19 and UV and if you just include not vitamin D.
  790: That a little bit of it's a it's an interesting prediction it's interesting to look at something when you're looking at a very small kind of bit of the kind of vascular architecture and thinking just like where on earth is all this nitric oxide come from like where is it stored and so when I thought that way I realized it must be some massive store we don't eat reliably massive amounts of microscopic side, so yeah, it's basically taken in and stored for current as needed and then, There's a cyclical process it's kind of reduced back and since the skin is the largest organ, you know in the body made perfect sense that that was a place to look and so yeah, I discovered that that is a recently observed phenomenon that you can basically, you know on call trigger massive amounts of the release of nitric oxide which was yeah interesting and it was a very odd way to stumble upon it, let me add just um, I do have a question that I want to drilled in deeper, but I also want to give Cecile.
  818: Can't be explained in quite the same sense by super oxidation right but it can be when all of it can be explained theoretically by a lack of bioavailability of magic oxide and also a biofasic switch to inducible nitric oxide so massive production of nitric oxide from macrophages, which yeah in the end, you know, it becomes one level the production of endocrine nitric oxide and a production in.
  820: Macrophages is great, but once you get this cytokine storm which leads to an upper leg regulation both these cytokines and also entrains the massive production of inducible magical site you get something which is yeah extremely basically yeah in trains barrier function comprised of barrier function the point about this is actually more than anything.
  962: Body doesn't act in the in the similar direction of gravity vector so that is the idea like if we consider cells on microgravity condition, so we can produce a lot of cells compared to to ground, so these are the things which mostly me and my. Colleagues here we do so we do basically human biology to understand how we can simulate disease on on gravity condition in the zero, g or moon g or mass g then how it beneficial to to to the to the pharmaceutical here that the usability and second I would try to understand the biology being affected by gravity.
  994: To explore moon for long time for mass longer time how we can help at the same time how we can model the cardiac biology for the ground, what are the new things we observe and how we can for the aging for one we interesting thing we found that when we simulate with the we use cardio cells for the simulation we found that they are becoming the aged cardiac cells, so which to very good model can be for some some of drugs when people go age.

b0315y.md:
  524: Er degrees and so I suppose on some level you could go to the ultras subtle, you know, like a rock has like as close to zero as you can get and and exist as a coherent, you know mass and then you could probably go and the other direction up to something that that we don't really understand and somewhere in the middle is our embodied.

b0316y.md:
  510: Er degrees and so I suppose on some level you could go to the ultras subtle, you know, like a rock has like as close to zero as you can get and and exist as a coherent, you know mass and then you could probably go and the other direction up to something that that we don't really understand and somewhere in the middle is our embodied.

b0318y.md:
  276: Well, this is not the problem to explain the ages explanation for you talking is that you. Who's talking so. You're not massive to the big problem. You have to explain why in 1950s, we weren't up on Brown writes a novel about a civilization on Mars in their leader is called Eloy Give to Explain why Elon Musk rights sacrifice companies and gets it right every time.
  722: Ment of the stars and filter earth that's allowed in space we notice that there must be additional mass and the universe to explain the curvature that you observing and being know that it's probably not just some mistake in which we calculate gravity at scale because there have been supernova that affected the visible matter and blew away some solar systems and so on but the gravity that has been exerted in this region is not affected which means that there is.
  725: A mass in this region that is has is not aligned with the supernova that took place so the supernova basically blasted away the baryonic matter is that that observes this totals but some of the other stuff is still there you cannot just see it we cannot see it but we see that it exerts gravity and so by and large the dark matters seems to be slapped somewhat aligned is what the galaxies are doing but not completely and because 80% is dark matter and it doesn't collapse of the balance itself the problem is dark forces between the dark matter so additional interactions that exist.

b0319y.md:
  515: Er degrees and so I suppose on some level you could go to the ultras subtle, you know, like a rock has like as close to zero as you can get and and exist as a coherent, you know mass and then you could probably go and the other direction up to something that that we don't really understand and somewhere in the middle is our embodied.

b0322y.md:
   430: And so the idea is so research scientists and Italy were saying that black hopes to be like a hologram all the information is amassed in a two-dimensional surface able to reproduce a three-dimensional image in this way cosmic bodies. Well, so it's um, They they are so basically the black hole could be like a heart sort of like a hard drive that that stores a representation of a three-dimensional reality in in two dimensions and and or at least or perhaps even just the you know, in in in codes a representation of that reality.
   517: ⟪ 442 characters skipped ⟫ically looking at interpretations the objective collapse there is do have the nice aspect that they could be falsifiable, at least the the ones that, It then if you have containment between math like massive things that the streets you know, if it's gravity that's causing the collapse if you're able to create into these entangled states between their containment and these mess massive enough states and you're not seeing collapse then that would refute those of object in the last theories.
   934: There's a massive interstellar gas that you can probably measure there are now interstellar objects, but there's a whole bunch of connections between reasons to believe that the property is free space between galaxies, but the principle of saying, hey if this thing was a simulation, how would it? Heat. How would it try and short circuit things?
  1063: ⟪ 317 characters skipped ⟫hat you know, the laws of the physical, you know, physics is like don't apply to me just because some outlier I might experience them outlier event that disproves physics, you know horses still equal mass times acceleration, especially if I get the car in front of me if I don't stop I'm just saying, you know, again we're you know, talking about you know, the simulation theory and stuff like that, so I'm always curious how other people are approaching it maybe thinking outside of the lawsuit.
  1114: S to our heads like if we meditate on that it's actually like it seems like it makes sense to me and this actually that ties into the overall theme of simulation and I was thinking that. Like it's just a metaphor like our brains need metaphors like everything's in metaphor like language and and even mass needs like do you point to something to describe something else and then it freaking me?

b0324y.md:
  1401: General AI problems that's the only thing so I mean I guess it could be general or this could be related to what you asked, you know, there's the there's the there's the the problem of of overfitting when you have models are just you have AM we just you're dealing with you so much freaking data into your AI model it's just doing it like a massive job and and and so then you people do people that there's a number of techniques people use to to deal with, you know, the errors that can result overfitting type of errors or you know, you know addressing there's a lot of there's a lot of techniques you can.

b0327y.md:
   64: The Child Mind Institute data is this massive collection of data that combines basically, you know, eye tracking with EEG with voice tracking with behavior tracking but it does so in a in a way that they've created a sort of standardized data collection and anyone who who can get access to that data who can potentially extend that data by making sure that they adhere to the same data collection standards and so if you had a massive global project where you asked every EEG research laboratory in the world.
   83: And and but then but then like the precursors for what was right was sort of like sort of partially there the whole time and so then they'll be like these massive shifts. Anyway, what I'm what I'm what an in terms of like what is the the ideas or dominant, you know, like with AI is I guess it could be an example of how I don't know if we need an example.
   95: A person in my program is like that more the expert on AI he does like artificial vision He he's like the old like because I'm a neuro heart like biomer so he's like the only one who's like on the AI side and he was telling me all the differences between symbolic and people were all about that but now deep learning just kind of just massively kills everything else and how good it is but it's not as it's getting further and further from biological like the most biological would have been recursive neural networks, but like for language processing at least transformal neural networks and I watched the three brown blood one blue on that, so I roughly understand it like, It you know what I mean, like it it you don't need recursive neural networks and highly analogous to the biological system for it to be good at what it does.
  950: A-frame doesn't run natively at the same speed doesn't run at native speed if you run it if you run it in an app.  unfortunately so um so I'm excited about react three fiber for that reason and also because of the fact that the the pool of react developers as much as is much more massive than in the pool of of aframe or 3js developers and so that means potentially, you know, I think that all the Facebook and and and Twitter and Netflix all those big companies will they'll create the AR and VR versions of their websites will be the exact same website they have now but they'll be 3d and you'll see them in an AR on your phone or AR with your glasses etc, but then we build with racks react three fiber in and I think those companies don't really, Like this yet but I I can I can see this trend happening because the because the masses of react developers at Facebook will will realize that they have really the best tool they have for creating VR is is with r3f or reacts three fiber but so react should be something that I look into more than like it other things.
  953: I think that just the sheer scale of the number of react developers means that it's going to become the dominant technology, but but but in the short-term, I'm really like, um, you know, maybe I was I would say recommend maybe. Learns 3js because 3js is at the core of both a-frame and react three fiber and if you are a master of 3js then then then what you can do in both react three fiber and an a-frame is gonna be a massive I can help you a lot more with Aframe and stuff there's a there's a whole community of people who are who can help with the react three fiber stuff as well,

b0328y.md:
  8: I think that the protein folding situation with Alpha Go with using a neural network to discover to, basically create a map between gene sequences and the 3D shapes that can be produced by proteins is a big step forward, obviously that has to continue to where we can understand what cellular communication sequences at the genetic level can lead to the formation of specific receptor shapes, specific cell types. This is this is massive future work that has to be, we're going to need even bigger computer systems than we have today to sort of like get to the point where we can you know, have have a neural network basically discover a point by point. What are all the messages that cells need to communicate to go from, you know, basically taking the existing to genetic code and building a person out of that code. Because all of that has to do with basically unlocking these cellular functions through the communication between cells.

c0000x.md:
  143: c0069x/ a planet could be consider to be a fractal of an expanding wave pattern, one end of it, or 70x/ the point where the wave converges is the point where mass emerges
  436: the phase field distortion of mass, density, and velocity

c0001x:
  56:     * the phase field distortion of mass, density, and velocity

map.fractal.md:
   88:   20: Folks have heard the idea that the universe is a fractal and a hologram, but an electron is not a planet, unlike a planet an electron cannot lose its spin, and a hologram does not have mass. So these ideas break down on close inspection, but do they point to another idea?
  115:   25: I like to think of space as something that was created everywhere at once, and at every time at once, as if all of time is forever happening inside an ever present now moment. We are experiencing the frequences of time folding around itself in massive oscillators, and micro oscillators. We are oscillators inside oscillators with oscillators inside us with a fractal ordinance.
  139:   23: If there was such as thing as the ever present now moment, an eternal moment that was in a sense always the beginning of time and always the end of time, that moment would be like a wave of almost infinite area, but in exchange for having massive area it would be mostly devoid of recognizable features, it would be a void of space in aggregate, because of the relationship between magnitude & frequency in this fractal cosmos.
  444:   143: c0069x/ a planet could be consider to be a fractal of an expanding wave pattern, one end of it, or 70x/ the point where the wave converges is the point where mass emerges
  489:   36: A planet could be consider to be a fractal of an expanding wave pattern, one end of it, or the point where the wave converges is the point where mass emerges

map.gravity.md:
   15:   103: Unlike gravity, magnetism doesn't work for everything with mass. Magnetic forces only occur between specific materials (mainly iron and certain iron alloys). This alone is a strong argument that magnetism is not responsible for gravitational forces.
   17:   118: I think Quantum Gravity is the result of space warping around oscillator flows, or large scale wave patterns in the electromagnetic field around masses caused by the interactions of oscillators of different scales with different properties. 
   25:     8: "Gravity is gradient time dilation at the particle & atomic scale." A mass like the earth heats up space time relative to outer space, expanding the number of directions around a particle temporally in addition to the spatial dimensions, because if a particle or atom moves in a random direction in space with no large masses nearby it has no particular reason to move one way or another, but if it has three times more opportunities to move south, because things in the south move three times faster, then the odds of it randomly moving south increase, thus gravity attracts particles by increasing the relative dimensions of time in the direction of mass and mass is the crunch point of an expanding wave on a macroscale.
   26:    13: Someone asked me what is the gist of my Gravity theory: The gist is that mass creates time dilation effects at the quantum scale, and that the aggregate effect of quantum time dilation results in a quantum field where the odds of particle movement are shifted in favor of the direction of dilated time. So particles fall towards mass because the odds of moving in the direction of mass are increased because mass increases the intervals of space in time in its direction.
   29:    98: soliton gravity waves a charge build up represents increasing mass, heat, magnetic polarisation, time acceleration (phase increase), or time dilation (inhibition), inhibition is expanding space, white phase increase is contracting space, so time exits in inhibited space or contracted space because it is a relativity distortion in terms of how long particles have to travel before they reach their destination. so space is either condense hot condense cold or spaced out and neutral or something inbetween. However these things only exist relative to each other, the total heat and cold neutralizes out, and the total volume of space is the inverse relationship of time to space, as time increases space contracts, as time decreases space expands.
   47:   206: so quantum general relativity is suggesting that at scales from quantum physics, to astrophysics to neurophysics there is an inverse relationship between amplitude (density & volume of mass) and frequency (energy) and that gravity is caused by the coherence and decoherence patterns in the phase field of spacetime between oscillating bodies that are either in phase (coherence expanding spacetime) or out of phase (decoherence shrinking spacetime as masses dissolve or explode)
   61:    2: Note to self: There might be invisible gravity floating in space that is NOT from invisible mass. 
   82:    10: (mass is part of a gravity wave)
   85:   128: The origin of the higgs field & dark gravity its this idea that the oscillating stars & galaxies are not only affecting each other's gravity, but they are leaving gravity trails AND they are creating gravity lanes between them by heating the space between them, the idea of the higgs field is that excited hot space is adding mass to particles, 
   88:    5: Gravity is not electrical force, its a time wave in the electrical force that is the inverse of mass
   93:   40: If you consider that gravity is not electricity but a description of the force of one somewhat neutral gravitational field like earth on another somewhat neutral gravitational field like the moon, then the force between them is from the summary distribution configuration of all the electromagnetic forces adding and subtracting from one another by their activity. A planet can’t act like an electron for the same reason that mass is moving much more slowly than energy.
   99:   48: fyi My Grandfather led the team that created gps and put the first gps satellite in space http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_P._Randolph from him I learned that time on a satellite moves at a different (slower) rate than it does on earths surface where the curvature of space (related to the density of mass) is greater. It seems unlikely that a human brain is going to slow spacetime without reducing the entire planets density of mass. Gravity and Time are the same thing you see.
  116: ⟪ 408 characters skipped ⟫space time, making gravity possible as an attractor state between oscillatorys which are warming spacetime to attract electric phases and bind them together, slowing them down into increasingly dense mass states.
  120:   36: ⟪ 320 characters skipped ⟫s the extra time dimension as extra space area, and if you roll the dice, the extra spacetime area gets better odds than the areas with less mass that have less spacetime area. It's kinda like saying gravity isn't an attractive force, so much as its a more statistically significant spacetime crystal for the otherwise random movement of particles & atoms & objects)
  121:   40: I might even rephrase this to Gravity is Quantum Probability Distortion from Mass Frequency Theory.
  137:   44: every mass at every scale (quantum gravity idea) has an inverted relationship to the spacetime around it
  140:   3: as the eye of a hurricane is to a hurricane, so mass curves spacetime, the mass is the eye of the hurricane, and it's spinning is cumulative, the cumulative of tiny hurricanes in the form of atoms, in the particle wind, so that's the reason there is gravity on large dense objects like the earth, the earth itself is isomorphic to a spinning hurricane, the earth would be the eye of the hurricane funneling space itself and everything in it towards the earth.
  158:   28: This idea of quantum gravity replaces the extra dimension of string theory, because every mass, from an electron, to an atom, to a molecule is creating a traffic jam in the particle field, which causes particles to flow around it, which causes space to expand in time/space dimensions, these extra dimensions of time and space resolve themselves into the appearance of the three dimensions of space and the one dimension of time, but at the particle level there is a gradient of time dimensions that we don't see with our eyes but that particles react to.
  164:   31: Can we have a thought experiment where we think of Gravity as a reverse pressure gradient? Why or why not, only instead of pressure we are talking about the effects of spactime warping at the Quantum & Molecular scales, with aggregate effects from dense matter convergence such as with Fermionic Condensates. Lets create a computer simulation to model the shape of space time with a dynamic time gradient at the quantum scale, as mass converges and space expands as a unified process.
  182:   29: fyi My Grandfather led the team that created gps and put the first gps satellite in space http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_P._Randolph from him I learned that time on a satellite moves at a different (slower) rate than it does on earths surface where the curvature of space (related to the density of mass) is greater. It seems unlikely that a human brain is going to slow spacetime without reducing the entire planets density of mass. Gravity and Time are the same thing you see.
  214:   47: Objects with mass exert gravitational force on each other, but specifically gravity is like a wave of particle concentrations, where particles are moving faster in time, but their experience because they are accelerating is one where spacetime 
  225:   104: (note here, but the principle of gravity is that the intervals of time from the direction of the earth are increased, because of the increased particle activity coming from the direction of the earth which dissipates from the center of the earth with distance. So because there is more particle activity below the atom, if the atom was doing a random walk in the middle of space with no nearby mass, near a planet it is preferentially going to move towards the planet, (the larger oscillator) because the relative intervals of time are increased in the direction of the planet which from the atoms perspective means that the chances of moving in any possible direction are increased in the direction of the earth because each new interval of time is like more space for a chance movement, changing the odds of which direction the atom will move)
  292:   108: That is sort of keeping this stuff here, which is interesting because it's, it's like it's supposed to be that gravity is keeping your stuff. Here gravity is just the curvature space and space cars around the maps. And the mass is creating an electric field, an election, magnet field That and in, in the electromagnetic field is curving away at the sun's ejection, but it should be, right?
  308:    962: Body doesn't act in the in the similar direction of gravity vector so that is the idea like if we consider cells on microgravity condition, so we can produce a lot of cells compared to to ground, so these are the things which mostly me and my. Colleagues here we do so we do basically human biology to understand how we can simulate disease on on gravity condition in the zero, g or moon g or mass g then how it beneficial to to to the to the pharmaceutical here that the usability and second I would try to understand the biology being affected by gravity.
  321:   722: Ment of the stars and filter earth that's allowed in space we notice that there must be additional mass and the universe to explain the curvature that you observing and being know that it's probably not just some mistake in which we calculate gravity at scale because there have been supernova that affected the visible matter and blew away some solar systems and so on but the gravity that has been exerted in this region is not affected which means that there is.
  322:   725: A mass in this region that is has is not aligned with the supernova that took place so the supernova basically blasted away the baryonic matter is that that observes this totals but some of the other stuff is still there you cannot just see it we cannot see it but we see that it exerts gravity and so by and large the dark matters seems to be slapped somewhat aligned is what the galaxies are doing but not completely and because 80% is dark matter and it doesn't collapse of the balance itself the problem is dark forces between the dark matter so additional interactions that exist.
  332:    517: ⟪ 492 characters skipped ⟫llapse there is do have the nice aspect that they could be falsifiable, at least the the ones that, It then if you have containment between math like massive things that the streets you know, if it's gravity that's causing the collapse if you're able to create into these entangled states between their containment and these mess massive enough states and you're not seeing collapse then that would refute those of object in the last theories.
  364:    8: [a0113z.md Gravity is not electrical force, its a time wave in the electrical force that is the inverse of mass](https://github.com/v5ma/selfawarenetworks/blob/e84c247b5a9a0f1d24bb41048368e1eba032c1a1/a0113z.md)
  375:     3: These notes that formulate the ground of the Self Aware Networks Institute, and the book Self Aware Networks, present new theory that ties together evolution, gravity, quantum physics, spacetime, cognition, phenomenological consciousness, cells, neural networks, LTD, LTP, dendritic functions, neuron functions, vesicle functions, biological information theory, mass, time, quantum gradient time dilation, and it's all sync'd together with the concept of oscillation.
  377:    24: 6. I also created a new gravity theory, quantum gradient time dilation which explains how mass as a time crystal creates the gravitational effect by increasing the surface area of space in a particular direction with additional time dimensions. (I connected this to biology, explaining how neurons are literally warping space.) 

map.start.intro.fractal.md:
  36: A planet could be consider to be a fractal of an expanding wave pattern, one end of it, or the point where the wave converges is the point where mass emerges

map.start.intro.gravity:
  8: [a0113z.md Gravity is not electrical force, its a time wave in the electrical force that is the inverse of mass](https://github.com/v5ma/selfawarenetworks/blob/e84c247b5a9a0f1d24bb41048368e1eba032c1a1/a0113z.md)

map.tomography.md:
  240:   304: Impedance tomography to to get massively better results in massively massive improvements in in the image resolution with with deep learning combined with EIT, so another thing is I'm I just saw paper for laser Doppler holographic and of course, you know, everyone knows that merely Jefferson is working in laser holographic the laser part of that means that these that the camera sensor is going to be is enabled will enable the detection of single neurons at the firing speed of.

map.wiki.home.md:
  431: the phase field distortion of mass, density, and velocity

nlp2:
  116: Particle is in TCP is like you know, you need a connection. We need a almost TCP is like a feedback. UDP is like you just throw back to data. It's faster. It's great for mass multiplayer, and these are different and then those are the top two network particles and below that there are other many other chemical protocols like HTTP, right?

nlp3:
   89: Even with, you know, the limits of what you can do with MRI though are not really recently. MRI, you know, you're getting like the boxel size could contain, you know, like a thousand miles for example, or many more than that. And that's not the definition. We're going to need for neuroase, but if you're taking 3,000 images from multiple angles, right, and you're doing photography with them, massive, not images.
  101: So, the next step, then of course, is to take the basic the core of that video. Grammation process, which is photography and appliance medical imaging like a massive that language camera was amazing. It's massive and it's super expensive and it creates like, you know, that's light field is amazing but it's it's also a firehouse data so high.
  111: So instead of like focusing on the outside world, we turn this around and focus it on the inside of the world with. So we take three thousand, you know, images of the brain with track topography from different, and we're combining it with not photography video grammatry, right? And we're just a massive, you know, computational problem, but we we do that and now we can track like, you know, basically like, you know, everything going through, a specific region brain or in at some point, we're gonna be able to do the entire brain within about.

nlp4:
  170: I mean, I have to say that we massive parallelism can make up for chemically in terms of yet. Chemicals were slower, but if you have a massive parallel capabilities, exactly. You can make up for that difference. I think that, you know, people is often repeated, that computers are far faster than human beings.
  180: Yeah, that is a functional equivalent of I mean I think people like to abstract the neuron away. Yeah. When they're thinking about neural networks and I yeah, is that a brand for a second? Because that ions are particles, right? So now, we have a massively parallel particle, based computer, that sounds a lot like a quantum computer, right?
  182: Imagined is like, with a massive amount of connections, you know. We're not even close to building something like so people are like, oh man, computers are so much faster. And here, another reason other things to do, who's had some brain injury. Could have been hit by a cars for another way, but they can calculate numbers by seeing them and they see numbers.

nlp5:
   36: So it's massive fire updated, which I think you. We're talking Beginning like how do we get this down to you know compress it to something. That's typical we have and now I've seen as I've been a CS and I tried type VR, you got to try the Sony has their own sort of 60 degree, freedom in your your project Facebook and you know six degrees of freedom freedom in it in a camera.
  120: ⟪ 284 characters skipped ⟫e and how they were, this is where I was asking about, how can we, because I because I'm, I helped organize events was how much reality and I said how can we like create like a web VR with, you know, massive multiplayer and in Mozilla and probably not good.

README.md:
   3: These notes that formulate the ground of the Self Aware Networks Institute, and the book Self Aware Networks, present new theory that ties together evolution, gravity, quantum physics, spacetime, cognition, phenomenological consciousness, cells, neural networks, LTD, LTP, dendritic functions, neuron functions, vesicle functions, biological information theory, mass, time, quantum gradient time dilation, and it's all sync'd together with the concept of oscillation.
  24: 6. I also created a new gravity theory, quantum gradient time dilation which explains how mass as a time crystal creates the gravitational effect by increasing the surface area of space in a particular direction with additional time dimensions. (I connected this to biology, explaining how neurons are literally warping space.) 
