(DO NOT EDIT, THIS IS A BACKUP ONLY, EDIT THE CORRESPONDING WIKIPAGE INSTEAD)
Each map page is a time-stamped copy of a wikipage. The wiki pages ought to be time stamped but I have not yet discovered where it can be shown.

map.magnitude.md

a0011z.md:
  35: "In contrast, DA transients evoked by cues that predict reward reflect the expected value of the future reward, as determined by reward probability3,4, temporal proximity5,6, and magnitude6,7,8" 

a0018z.md:
  149: All forces can be thought of a oscillatory differentials of varying configurations (differences in magnitude (amplitude and or duration)/ frequency)

a0049z.md:
  74: but basically a human is like a rock monster on some level, with our neurotransmitters being analogous to rocks, or molecules with properties like force, momentum, frequence, magnitude, velocity and other physics properties that rocks or molecules in space might have

a0070z.md:
  12: My understanding is that 1/f represents the inverse relationship between amplitude & frequency in the EEG spectrum of the brain. My question is, can it be argued that actually the inverse relationship is between magnitude & frequency instead?
  14: Magnitude represents the wave shape, amplitude + duration. If you don't factor both you are missing part of the equation. Neuroscience misses part of the equation.
  16: Mass is the Magnitude of many volumetric frequencies (particles) oscillating together. With the inverse relationship between magnitude & frequency defining spacetime at all scales, from galaxies, to EEG powerbands, to nmda spikes & soma bursts, to particles.

a0080z.md:
  11: To illustrate dots up close, of different colors, representing electrical frequency patterns to the next set of neurons, the next set of neurons are detecting frequency patterns with little drips of neurotransmitters that arrive in sequences over time to pass ions through their receptors, resulting in the occasional build up of charge with a depolarization or action potential event, that indicates a high threshold of a varying magnitude, that itself is dissipated in a multitude of tiny frequencies carried in lipid sacks called vesicles which release neurotransmitters radially across the branches of an exit terminal to the post-synaptic membranes of the dendrites of other neurons as a common class of brain activity to be an example. The radial distribution from the neuron across its exit terminal branches allow it the opportunity to reach many different neurons, distributing it’s massive starburst in lots of little packages to its neighbors, so that now its neighbors are receiving dots to their matrices. Since neurons are in a tonic firing pattern when they are not firing phasically they can also create dark spots, or patterns that appear as a negative. The neuron understands how many little dots were needed from which direction before it became overwhelmed and had to fire, there is a literal three dimensional chemical counting process going on with a dendrite collecting charged ions in various branches, or t

a0089z.md:
   7: I think that the relationship between frequency and magnitude (to include amplitude & duration as two parts of the wave shape) in neuroscience at the scale of brainwaves can be scaled down to individual neurons (as duration), scaled up to brainwaves as amplitude, and scaled down again to quantum physics (particle/wave duality), and scaled up to planetary bodies (red shifting/blueshifting, galaxies, filaments, and so on.
  11: So Amplitude is not always inverse to Frequency, but in the brain at the scale of EEG it is, at the neuron scale amplitude passes as duration, so the magnitude is changing, (the wave shape of the AP is changing and the calcium channels are open longer releasing more MVR (Vesicles or lipid sacks containing neurotransmitters like Dopamine for example), though the amplitude might be the same or something similar to the previous times that the AP fired.

a0115z.md:
  32: Micah: My understanding is that 1/f represents the inverse relationship between amplitude & frequency in the EEG spectrum of the brain. My question is, can it be argued that actually the inverse relationship is between magnitude & frequency instead?
  38: James Bonaiuto "Yes, that's right! I just didn't understand what you meant by magnitude"
  40: Micah: Okay, but in the neuron itself, the amplitude of the action potential is thought to be fixed at the threshold for firing, but duration can vary. Since Magnitude is the combination of Amp & Dur, could there be an inverse relationship between Frequency & Magnitude at both scales?

a0119z.md:
  22: each level up in the neo cortical hierarchy allows a new scale of prediction that is larger than the previous by an order of magnitude that may be expontential.

a0127z.md:
  21: # "We have trained ESMFold to predict full atomic protein structure directly from language model representations of a single sequence. Accuracy is competitive with AlphaFold on most proteins with order of magnitude faster inference. By @MetaAI Protein Team."
  93: Today I practiced imagining myself quantity my sources of stress as circles streaming out of people, and the quantity, frequency, magnitude & scale of those circles represented a quantification or the delta of stress from that particular person, from that casual body, this inner visual metaphor of my environment with people inside it provided for me, and for brain which I think of the environment for the rendered self and the rendered ecosystem a new program from which I was able to understand my sources of stress and my responses to those sources of stress better. As soon as I saw this concept I felt myself creating another metaphor in which oscillating waves from other parts of my brain began to counteract the stress signals coming from persons in the environment. All of a sudden I felt at ease around people at Target, at ease around people on the street in SF, and at ease around people at WeWork.

a0130z.md:
  52: are orders of magnitude larger generate interference effects when electrons

a0177z.md:
  8: finally the magnitude of the APsyn is more relevant than the Amplitude, because the duration replaces the Amplitude in the changed waveform of the APsyn, set by mostly changes in potassium, affects how long the calcium channels are open/closed resulting in the number of vesicles containing neurotransmitters that released, with 0, 1, 2, or 3 vesicle sacks capable of being released, each might contain 2000  neurotransmitters, 

a0198z.md:
    5: My guess is that a particle/wave is like a phase variance from the fabric of oscillating spacetime. In otherwords if spacetime had a default wave pattern, a particle exists as a difference from the spacetime wave pattern in terms of a change in its frequency / magnitude ratio or from another perspective a change in its velocity / mass ratio
    7: as the particle/wave increases in magnitude / mass it decreases in frequency / speed. As it increases in speed / frequency it decreases in mass / magnitude
   11: If we replaced the word amplitude with magnitude in this instance of measuring EEG waves would the ratio still apply? Can we say that in the instance of brainwaves as measured by EEG that magnitude also has an inverse relationship with frequency?
   15: (relevant to the question of whether we can replace the word amplitude with magnitude in EEG Studies, because the wave shape is really magnitude, a combination of amplitude & duration)
  116: calcium subtopics, amplitude, duration, magnitude, release

a0206z.md:
  27: Space time is the eternal golden braid, and spacetime could be thought of as the fractal of a neural network, but without the time-frequency characteristics that exist for human scale (magnitude & frequency of information patterns) that define conscious data, vs unconscious data.  
  48: The phase pattern of the mind is a 3D grid pattern, a pattern defined by frequencies with varying durations (magnitudes) in a 3D grid of cells (your brain)
  58: Can we say that space time is magnitude is inversely proportional to frequency 
  68: but then we need to quantify how the density of atoms in some volume of space corresponds to the magnitude of time dilation from a given mass.
  73: that regular tonic oscillations will also affect the duration of the Action Potential Magnitude, during normal tonic oscillation, increasing or decreasing the changes of a phasic pulse from that group.

a0213z.md:
  27: Simply put the rate or frequency/magnitude of oscillations is stimulating growth and the direction of growth towards oscillations that have a matching frequency/magnitude, because at that interval of time, it required less energy for particles to move in that direction OR spacetime itself was moving faster in that direction (because space was heated up between the pair of frequency/magnitude matching oscillations) (insert here something like the free energy principle or law of energy conservation or Feynman's Path Integral, or extropy, or all 4) and what you get explains the clustering of oscillations, LTP long term memory, memory formation, association, the direction of synaptic growth, and the opposite of sync (the splay state) has the reverse effect, like the 'virtual entity' mentioned elsewhere in my notes.

a0238z.md:
  41: I mean the sensory input neuro path ways are creating phase shifts that have via the duration of calcium channels opening & varying numbers of vesicle bodies a magnitude signal difference in terms of the quantity of neurotransmitters per interval of firing (frequency).

a0249z.md:
  67: While current TMS is a rather blunt tool, like a shotgun of brain stimulation, (according to a neurosurgeon that I asked) researchers are working on refining it so that it is more like a scalpel in terms of its precision. In order to use TMS for Neural Lace it would need to become at least an order of magnitude more precise in terms of the signals it sends and receives, but the good news is that scientists are working on refining the technology.

a0253z.md:
  24: With Time Dilation time is slowest at the center of the gravitational mass where the frequency of mass or in other words where the density of mass is the highest. (evoking a reference to the inverted relationship between magnitude (space time amplitude) / frequency of mass (the density of mass)

a0257z.md:
  25: ⟪ 686 characters skipped ⟫DAR architecture and technology. According to Han Bin Lee, CEO of Seoul Robotics: “3D image processing requires fundamentally different techniques since voxels (3D data element) represent an order of magnitude more information (a cube vs a rectangle) and costs for annotating this data manually is very expensive”. Figure 2 compares 2D and 3D imaging in typical automotive scenarios:

a0286z.md:
  15: ⟪ 1498 characters skipped ⟫ event happens is a signal convergence event. The signal output could be a vector representing the frequency or phase or voltage or a wave, with one vector representing its frequency & amplitude (the magnitude of its chemical distribution) which are inversely related. The chemical pressure in the synaptic cleft could be increasing, which could lead to sodium ions being pushed into the next cell, even as the excitation of the membrane of the next cell is causing the next cell to explain and pull in new neurotransmitters like a balloon.
  19: # Multi-Vesicle -> Multi-scale Magnitude Neuro Transmitter Release (referenced in b0123y and b0067y.md)
  25: # The magnitude of the wave, determined by Potassium (see Synaptic Unreliability article a0221z.md) is passed via duration (calcium channels open longer)

a0369z.md:
  15: Essentially I think that with Quantum Gradient Time Dilation the particle field is like a clumpy energy oscillation, with the particle representing some valence of energy that is producing it's own spatial area that is it's frequency, but the point of an electron is going to leave a magnetic wave shape in the sense that the electron is like the faster beta frequency, and the magnetic magnitude wave it creates is like the slower theta frequency that higher amplitude & greater area effect.
  17: When you accelerate electrons I would expect the frequency of the magnetic field they create to increase, but if that happens the magnitude of the magnetic field ought to decrease.
  21: If the fabric of spacetime can be imagined as a single large wave, then it's scale, it's magnitude, and it's frequency are connected. 
  23: If there was such as thing as the ever present now moment, an eternal moment that was in a sense always the beginning of time and always the end of time, that moment would be like a wave of almost infinite area, but in exchange for having massive area it would be mostly devoid of recognizable features, it would be a void of space in aggregate, because of the relationship between magnitude & frequency in this fractal cosmos.
  35: It's like saying that the void of spacetime as a quantum structure requires in the polarity of it's energy architecture the pushing out of energy valences, or diverging frequences with volumetric magnitudes as a consequence of it's structural formation.

a0372z.md:
  15: Synaptic inputs can increase or decrease the membrane potential, potentially causing an action potential that has a variable magnitude(duration) and frequency, that effects the membrane potential of another synapse
  16: in comp neuro, and in many AI models, they simplify so that all action potentials are equal, and they only take into account the frequency of the spike.but the (shape of the Action Potential wave, via its duration) matters, because that impact is going to determine how much the next synapse's membrane potential is going to be effected, which critically is going to effect it's firing frequency and magnitude also

a0412z.md:
  11: mass has spatial magnitude your brain is both setup to make and consider the spatial magnitude of action potentials in addition to their frequency
  15: both the mass/energy or magnitude/frequency or amplitude/pitch or weight/occurance rate

a0432z.md:
  26: Also, the numbers could be off by four, even five orders of magnitude (!) and still support the idea that the majority of the brain's processing is subconscious.
  36: Also, the numbers could be off by four, even five orders of magnitude (!) and still support the idea that the majority of the brain's processing is subconscious."
  41: David Bergman Micah Blumberg: totally correct. To try to extract only the, for the test, useful bits (pun?) is definitely skewing the processing estimates of consciousness by a few orders of magnitude...
  63: Micah Blumberg Even if the numbers are off by only a hundred trillion orders of magnitude, the data should still be THROWN out because the premises have no ground to them AT ALL.

a0598z.md:
  20: the varying rates of burst like distribution of cell communication, meaning that synaptic releases of transmitters like dopamine vary in magnitude with the action potential shape change (duration of calcium gates determined by potassium rates, determined by rates of received activity) allow signals to vary in noise levels between arrays but this effects pattern development across the 3D neural betwork because the lines that distribute the next round of information are constantly changing resulting in new combinations of learned patterns meeting temporally oscillating patterns representing previously learned memories, resulting in the novel creating of creative lines of thought and the product of differences in perception between people, but also eventually the production of agreements between people as certain patterns become learned invariantly across brains.
  22: for each neuron array a neuron, the one that reaches firing threshold coordinates or transforms received temporal durations into displayed spatial magnitudes by inhibiting some varying number of cells (via varying rates of neurotransmitter release) on the rest of its array.

b0003y.md:
  45: So, there's a lot, there's there's a lot more to cover. But basically, that's why I can say, we couldn't reduce an app in the abstract, we could reduce an abstract, the human brain to a field of tensors that are. I feel the face. Cancer face answers are tensors that consists primarily of frequencies with magnitude.
  49: So phase sensors are. In fact, everything in space is a face sensor. In a sense, everything has a frequency in a magnitude. The magnitude is amplitude plus duration and there's an inverse relationship between the magnitude and the frequency. So it's not, it's, but when we think of like the brain, it isn't.
  53: It's, I'm arguing that we've the current model of the brain is one. And one in which a phase is is not not something that has a magnitude a sort of like started in deep in the magnitude of the phase is sort of discarded in and in the modern deep learning network.

b0004y.md:
    6: # The biggest failure in the entire history of neuroscience is that we have been using the term amplitude instead of the term magnitude to model the action potential.
    7: reference note a0221z.md on synaptic unreliability and search all the notes in this repo for magnitude specially in the context of magnitude in note a0089z.md which explains that a neuron passes its magnitude not through amplitude, but through duration, which scales up or down the number of vesicle sacks released between 0-4 with each firing of the APsyn
  104: the frequency and magnitude (via duration of calcium receptors being open, see note) to all of its connections. So it's connections are listening to a frequency and magnitude of the pattern that that connection represents so that connection represents a network of it represents. Like it's like that pattern. It represents features, right? learned features stored as synaptic connections

b0006y.md:
  154: But but at the at the there's a potassium current gives us the decay time of the action potential, which is going to determine the the magnitude of the, of the neurons signal to other neurons, right? So it's this potassium rate depended potassium diffusion rate. So so here we have a potassium, diffusion rate that can produce basically, one of four different possible realities per action potential, right?

b0008y.md:
  63: They're all also lined up to reflect one another's perturbations, via the tonic or regular low frequency high magnitude oscillation, and one of them is going to create a rippling effect across the whole of them. So they're gonna have a signal that ripples across all of them that causes all of them to basically change their oscillatory (rate) signature by the dissipated amount. 

b0053y.md:
  564: Charges into charges and magnitude so it's ultimately attracting and repelling in a sense.

b0067y.md:
   43: So the key is that there has to be sort of like a regular tonic signal being broadcast, and that's their (high magnitude low frequency) synchronization, right? Like the alpha frequency rate and disruption is to that are things that are events that all of the cells are going to notice.
  363: # Multi-Vesicle -> Multi-scale Magnitude Neuro Transmitter Release (referenced in b0123y)
  364: # The magnitude of the wave, determined by Potassium (see Synaptic Unreliability article a0221z.md) is passed via duration (calcium channels open longer)
  392: But it's because so the patterns can have different magnitude. That's important because it's like how much does this pattern resonate? Some patterns should resonate more than other patterns, right? Because the idea is like, well, what are we gonna be paying attention to?

b0075y.md:
  67: # In this book I argue that the morphology of the dendrite represents the long term memory at the synaptic level, and the phase oscillation rate and duration represent the magnitude & frequency of the dendritic memory detection.

b0098y ctpr.txt:
   9: What would it needs to send out? Is basically a phase that is communicates, the new speed of the neurons. So is it faster than slower? Is it is a, you know, zero is it was, it is its magnitude, like a zero, one two or three, because it's frequency like the zero one, two, three, like, you know, there's inverse relationship between frequency and magnitude, right?
  11: So higher frequency means lower magnitude, and so, all I need. So it needs to sound basically to each one of the neurons. And a second terminal, basically the same message which is, you know, I want to two or three event fired and so here's a bunch of neurotransmitters or no neurotransmitters.

b0104y.md:
  236: It's just the horizontal travel with what, you know, that's like an orbit. It's like orbital travel, right? But it's just going to be based on the scale from the origin point of the oscillator but this the distance-based scale. So I mean, based on the distance from the center of the oscillator and the magnitude of the oscillator that's going to be sort of like this fading of of attraction because the line, the lions are emanating from the oscillator are going to have an increasingly less amount of effect.
  248: So of course if the if the earth you know, collided with another earth size body then it would it might fall out of orbit, you know, now or you know, it's trajectory could be changed. I don't know how much exact, how much magnitude is going to take to change this trajectory of the planet, but another planet out to do it.

b0114y.md:
  74: You have four potential magnitudes of synaptic communication bits with micro vesical release you have you can either release. Zero vesicles, one vessel. Two vessels are three vessels. And that basically, for example might contain 2000 atoms of dopamine. Yeah. I mean 2000. Yeah. 2000 narrow transmitters that like don't remain or something and I mean if they add them so these are but don't mean.

b0116y.md:
  119: It's when it's or when it's decaying, it is cycling through the same sort of fractal pattern from the large scale, when it peaks to increasingly smaller scales that signal. It is shrinking. In magnitude shrinking, an amplification and frequency. But maintaining its shape is this until it dissipates.

b0123y.md:
  9: # The magnitude of the wave, determined by Potassium (see Synaptic Unreliability article a0221z.md) is passed via duration (calcium channels open longer)

b0131y.md:
  82: If you have a greater number of the constituent parts of brain activity synchronizing in some powerband frequency like Theta, the low frequency pattern will naturally have a high magnitude area effect to coordinate many more cells into tonic oscillating network activity in the Theta range.

b0153y.md:
  11: The idea is this, if the dendrite has 120 receptors, and lets say 9 of them light up, and the cell has response, maybe the action potential is triggered. Now the neurons connected via the exit terminal all receive a signal. The duration of how much potassium was collected affects the duration of how long the calcium channels are opened for, which transmits the magnitude of the AP potential to the neurons in the exit terminal. 

b0229y ctpr.txt:
  67: The maybe there's that, like the gate synaptic gate opening. I don't know. I don't know. Like like how, how much variation could there be in the cycle windows? When do the gates open? And when do they close? There is one thing that opens the gates or something else. I close the gates, but the thing that opens the gates does that have a different magnitude, or spatial pattern.

b0276y.md:
  495: Magnitude response that's like okay, it's like what's the magnitude response like oh or whoa, whoa, I guess the magnitude of response right one, two, three different levels or nothing.
  785: So they're not big and exactly the same space there, they're just slightly apart and there's a trillion trillion of them. And you're not a mat you're not like you're not gonna imagine like the literal like visualization of trillion. Say this right because I did here is that I mean, you could you could but the idea is that any any magnitude if information could be represented by having representations behind other representations, so it's any representation.

b0302y.md:
  1810: Or the spin that generates the magnitude in the brain or the current that that that's going through in the brain so basically because current actually generates the magnetic field so the you can I mean either so there are two sources right they actually the same source but macro one is macroscopic and one is microscopic so macroscopically you have current let's say neuron conducting the is is there's a current going through neuron and then it will generate.
  1813: Magnetic field and then the others probably they I don't know about the biology so so I am just saying in principle physics, so if there is a kind of a magnetic like spin like the the the molecules if the electrons going around the the the market if they they line up they're no more producer magnitude, but.
  1816: But most likely I think it's the current going in the brain that generates the inlet magnetic field so basically very clear that you you can back out from detecting the magnitude you get back out the current dense, so the distribution of the current location and strength of the current but yeah, I think in principle if you just detect the magnitude outside the brain and it will suffer the same short for the, Detecting the electric field outside the brain because basically you can have two distributions let's say the just two distribution two different distributions of electron but they they charge but generates the same electric field which is measured by the EEG so that's why you you have a the further away you detected the the lower the resolution would be and then the same thing happens with the magnetic field but, He did the degree to which degree of the the low resolution or the none uniqueness of the solution is different but I don't know that the the the specifics but in principle you you'll have this non-specification or non-uniqueness of the solutions for the the distribution of the charge and the distribution was current so so that's why I think but that's why.

b0310y.md:
  1103: A quarter of a million dollars so trying to break it down a few orders of magnitude is actually quite possible again through a bunch of tricks that are more machine learning bass, but basically doing something similar to computational photography where you leverage machine learning to increase the resolution or resolution capability of a low-cost sensor by training in tandem with a high resolution sensor.

b0313y.md:
  217: Time. So how close were you able to get to measuring like single neuron spikes? And I asked that because I guess one of the major differences that people have been saying about neural links is that when you measure single neuron spikes you're talking about a new order of magnitude of resolution potentially for medical imaging.
  307: So it's like is like orders of magnitude more neurons and you're able to place them precisely so that the Utah array was like I said like a flat sheet of like a hundred recording electrodes and you get whatever you get when you implant it where's the neural link is like precisely implanting three thousand individually so that's it and two clarified.

b0314y.md:
  178: So, We would not typically do any EEG at the same time as a functional MRI with the magnitude of encephalography really we are mapping out brain activity. And we're we're reporting magnetic fields largely that are occurring throughout the brain and so you know, we're trying to do is is challenge a participant with a particular perceptual or cognitive challenge and localize where in the brain is that challenge mapping to with the most activity electromagnetic activity.

b0315y.md:
   33: Side of your magnitude, your mic is breaking up a lot oh, so let me maybe it's the connection is this better. I hope this will be better that is statistically significant sound for me, so he carries okay, so what I'm trying to say is that think about your brain as as a container to to keep an electrical storm together.
  713: Okay, so um, so the so there's a. There's a lot of lot of work that's been done by other people. I can sort of talk about that that could be relevant with the answers that the answers are on different scales of magnitude depending on your level of focus, there's many different scales of answers related to to this to this so I could talk about you know, like there's a like, you know, how how like at a, An architectural level how the the the future neural networks will make decisions in a granular way.

b0316y.md:
   30: Side of your magnitude, your mic is breaking up a lot oh, so let me maybe it's the connection is this better. I hope this will be better that is statistically significant sound for me, so he carries okay, so what I'm trying to say is that think about your brain as as a container to to keep an electrical storm together.
  699: Okay, so um, so the so there's a. There's a lot of lot of work that's been done by other people. I can sort of talk about that that could be relevant with the answers that the answers are on different scales of magnitude depending on your level of focus, there's many different scales of answers related to to this to this so I could talk about you know, like there's a like, you know, how how like at a, An architectural level how the the the future neural networks will make decisions in a granular way.

b0318y.md:
  1091: Space. That is able to simulate an entire universe. It's where you need a parent universe that is many magnitudes larger, right? So you cannot do that many mature scars and then still end of interesting physics going on a little devil. And so, I think that the lactic that we are in basically identity is just because of that relatively high.

b0319y.md:
   28: Side of your magnitude, your mic is breaking up a lot oh, so let me maybe it's the connection is this better. I hope this will be better that is statistically significant sound for me, so he carries okay, so what I'm trying to say is that think about your brain as as a container to to keep an electrical storm together.
  712: Okay, so um, so the so there's a. There's a lot of lot of work that's been done by other people. I can sort of talk about that that could be relevant with the answers that the answers are on different scales of magnitude depending on your level of focus, there's many different scales of answers related to to this to this so I could talk about you know, like there's a like, you know, how how like at a, An architectural level how the the the future neural networks will make decisions in a granular way.

b0324y.md:
  453: ⟪ 257 characters skipped ⟫ng to things regards stadiums to adapt to reward. S in the world how does your theory deal with behavior as potential spotlight consciousness shifts towards not whether something is sufficient in its magnitude to recruit consciousness awareness but whether it is of salience, let's say in the simple case to survival right so in many cases that might be sufficient to have a generalized picture of the world and it's causing economical and dissolving sense, but what about the instance where you need to pay there?

b0327y.md:
  177: Have learned if you have to reduce it to a single you know on or off (1 or 0) then then potentially you're losing a lot of information and later on they made an adaption to where you know, it's it's um like it it can there's like, um, if it crosses if it's it's on but above a certain threshold then you can you can have like a vector that represents the the magnitude above that threshold, so they expanded the the depths of of what a single neuron could do what a single artificial neuron could could transmit.
  184: it's a one or zero in terms of whether it's activated but then beyond that artificial neuron has is represented by a vector which is just greater or or less than the it was either closer to to zero or closer to one in in terms of so it's sort of gives some sort of magnitude to the to the neural network.
  200: The presynaptic k potassium modifies the action potential (magnitude) or apsin which determines the strength of the synaptic signal including the (magnitude) of the postsynaptic response and then that leads to how many vesicles can be released per action potential which is between usually between zero and three.
  251: So, I think that's what you're talking about with the by messing with the k the k currents the k channels. The potassium channels you're you're changing the shape of the spike (magnitude) which you didn't mention but that's basically the result of that and by making the shape of the spike more spread out (duration) it allows enough time for its not just one vesicle to get released but like a bunch of (vesicles) get released over that much time.

c0003x.md:
  46: More than twenty years later after my Grandmother passed away, as an adult, I would find myself living in my Grandfather's house for a time, it felt like months not years, I don't remember exactly how long. Although I don't recall him mentioning the tv show "Get Smart" by name he would sometimes refer to me as 99, or Maxwell Smart's sidekick from that 60s tv show. He would say things like "with an operation of this magnitude there are bound to be some losses" and if I quoted him or someone else he might offer up the phrase "he said something like that" a point that would cause me to examine whether I was quoting someone else accurately, or paraphrasing them. 

map.amplitude.md:
   13:   149: All forces can be thought of a oscillatory differentials of varying configurations (differences in magnitude (amplitude and or duration)/ frequency)
   50:   12: My understanding is that 1/f represents the inverse relationship between amplitude & frequency in the EEG spectrum of the brain. My question is, can it be argued that actually the inverse relationship is between magnitude & frequency instead?
   51:   14: Magnitude represents the wave shape, amplitude + duration. If you don't factor both you are missing part of the equation. Neuroscience misses part of the equation.
   59:    7: I think that the relationship between frequency and magnitude (to include amplitude & duration as two parts of the wave shape) in neuroscience at the scale of brainwaves can be scaled down to individual neurons (as duration), scaled up to brainwaves as amplitude, and scaled down again to quantum physics (particle/wave duality), and scaled up to planetary bodies (red shifting/blueshifting, galaxies, filaments, and so on.
   61:   11: So Amplitude is not always inverse to Frequency, but in the brain at the scale of EEG it is, at the neuron scale amplitude passes as duration, so the magnitude is changing, (the wave shape of the AP is changing and the calcium channels are open longer releasing more MVR (Vesicles or lipid sacks containing neurotransmitters like Dopamine for example), though the amplitude might be the same or something similar to the previous times that the AP fired.
   83:   32: Micah: My understanding is that 1/f represents the inverse relationship between amplitude & frequency in the EEG spectrum of the brain. My question is, can it be argued that actually the inverse relationship is between magnitude & frequency instead?
   85:   40: Micah: Okay, but in the neuron itself, the amplitude of the action potential is thought to be fixed at the threshold for firing, but duration can vary. Since Magnitude is the combination of Amp & Dur, could there be an inverse relationship between Frequency & Magnitude at both scales?
  111:   8: finally the magnitude of the APsyn is more relevant than the Amplitude, because the duration replaces the Amplitude in the changed waveform of the APsyn, set by mostly changes in potassium, affects how long the calcium channels are open/closed resulting in the number of vesicles containing neurotransmitters that released, with 0, 1, 2, or 3 vesicle sacks capable of being released, each might contain 2000  neurotransmitters, 
  118:    11: If we replaced the word amplitude with magnitude in this instance of measuring EEG waves would the ratio still apply? Can we say that in the instance of brainwaves as measured by EEG that magnitude also has an inverse relationship with frequency?
  119:    15: (relevant to the question of whether we can replace the word amplitude with magnitude in EEG Studies, because the wave shape is really magnitude, a combination of amplitude & duration)
  120:   116: calcium subtopics, amplitude, duration, magnitude, release
  144:   24: With Time Dilation time is slowest at the center of the gravitational mass where the frequency of mass or in other words where the density of mass is the highest. (evoking a reference to the inverted relationship between magnitude (space time amplitude) / frequency of mass (the density of mass)
  159: ⟪ 1504 characters skipped ⟫ event happens is a signal convergence event. The signal output could be a vector representing the frequency or phase or voltage or a wave, with one vector representing its frequency & amplitude (the magnitude of its chemical distribution) which are inversely related. The chemical pressure in the synaptic cleft could be increasing, which could lead to sodium ions being pushed into the next cell, even as the excitation of the membrane of the next cell is causing the next cell to explain and pull in new neurotransmitters like a balloon.
  186:   15: ⟪ 260 characters skipped ⟫ron is going to leave a magnetic wave shape in the sense that the electron is like the faster beta frequency, and the magnetic magnitude wave it creates is like the slower theta frequency that higher amplitude & greater area effect.
  195:   15: both the mass/energy or magnitude/frequency or amplitude/pitch or weight/occurance rate
  243:   49: So phase sensors are. In fact, everything in space is a face sensor. In a sense, everything has a frequency in a magnitude. The magnitude is amplitude plus duration and there's an inverse relationship between the magnitude and the frequency. So it's not, it's, but when we think of like the brain, it isn't.
  246:   6: # The biggest failure in the entire history of neuroscience is that we have been using the term amplitude instead of the term magnitude to model the action potential.
  247:   7: reference note a0221z.md on synaptic unreliability and search all the notes in this repo for magnitude specially in the context of magnitude in note a0089z.md which explains that a neuron passes its magnitude not through amplitude, but through duration, which scales up or down the number of vesicle sacks released between 0-4 with each firing of the APsyn
  428:    45: b0004y "The biggest failure in the entire history of neuroscience is that we have been using the term amplitude instead of the term magnitude to model the action potential."

map.book.md:
   938:   67: # In this book I argue that the morphology of the dendrite represents the long term memory at the synaptic level, and the phase oscillation rate and duration represent the magnitude & frequency of the dendritic memory detection.
  1639:    52: 16. I applied Buzsáki's work to Steven Strogatz (in the book Sync) work to connect Oscillations brainwaves at EEG scale to phase variation produced oscillations at the neuronal scale & neurotransmitter scale, and unified neural firing with brainwave firing via the hypothesis that magnitude is inverted to frequency at all scales of the universe, including at the scale of individual neuron action potential firing & at the scale of brainwaves from cortical columns or oscillating groups of cells. https://github.com/v5ma/selfawarenetworks/blob/e84c247b5a9a0f1d24bb41048368e1eba032c1a1/a0079z.md

map.density.md:
  65:   68: but then we need to quantify how the density of atoms in some volume of space corresponds to the magnitude of time dilation from a given mass.
  74:   24: With Time Dilation time is slowest at the center of the gravitational mass where the frequency of mass or in other words where the density of mass is the highest. (evoking a reference to the inverted relationship between magnitude (space time amplitude) / frequency of mass (the density of mass)

map.fractal.md:
  105:   27: Space time is the eternal golden braid, and spacetime could be thought of as the fractal of a neural network, but without the time-frequency characteristics that exist for human scale (magnitude & frequency of information patterns) that define conscious data, vs unconscious data.  
  139:   23: If there was such as thing as the ever present now moment, an eternal moment that was in a sense always the beginning of time and always the end of time, that moment would be like a wave of almost infinite area, but in exchange for having massive area it would be mostly devoid of recognizable features, it would be a void of space in aggregate, because of the relationship between magnitude & frequency in this fractal cosmos.
  308:   119: It's when it's or when it's decaying, it is cycling through the same sort of fractal pattern from the large scale, when it peaks to increasingly smaller scales that signal. It is shrinking. In magnitude shrinking, an amplification and frequency. But maintaining its shape is this until it dissipates.
  475:    7: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms
  509:   44: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms

map.frequency.md:
    22:   149: All forces can be thought of a oscillatory differentials of varying configurations (differences in magnitude (amplitude and or duration)/ frequency)
   108:   12: My understanding is that 1/f represents the inverse relationship between amplitude & frequency in the EEG spectrum of the brain. My question is, can it be argued that actually the inverse relationship is between magnitude & frequency instead?
   109:   16: Mass is the Magnitude of many volumetric frequencies (particles) oscillating together. With the inverse relationship between magnitude & frequency defining spacetime at all scales, from galaxies, to EEG powerbands, to nmda spikes & soma bursts, to particles.
   118:   11: To illustrate dots up close, of different colors, representing electrical frequency patterns to the next set of neurons, the next set of neurons are detecting frequency patterns with little drips of neurotransmitters that arrive in sequences over time to pass ions through their receptors, resulting in the occasional build up of charge with a depolarization or action potential event, that indicates a high threshold of a varying magnitude, that itself is dissipated in a multitude of tiny frequencies carried in lipid sacks called vesicles which release neurotransmitters radially across the branches of an exit terminal to the post-synaptic membranes of the dendrites of other neurons as a common class of brain activity to be an example. The radial distribution from the neuron across its exit terminal branches allow it the opportunity to reach many different neurons, distributing it’s massive starburst in lots of little packages to its neighbors, so that now its neighbors are receiving dots to their matrices. Since neurons are in a tonic firing pattern when they are not firing phasically they can also create dark spots, or patterns that appear as 
   125:    7: I think that the relationship between frequency and magnitude (to include amplitude & duration as two parts of the wave shape) in neuroscience at the scale of brainwaves can be scaled down to individual neurons (as duration), scaled up to brainwaves as amplitude, and scaled down again to quantum physics (particle/wave duality), and scaled up to planetary bodies (red shifting/blueshifting, galaxies, filaments, and so on.
   127:   11: So Amplitude is not always inverse to Frequency, but in the brain at the scale of EEG it is, at the neuron scale amplitude passes as duration, so the magnitude is changing, (the wave shape of the AP is changing and the calcium channels are open longer releasing more MVR (Vesicles or lipid sacks containing neurotransmitters like Dopamine for example), though the amplitude might be the same or something similar to the previous times that the AP fired.
   181:   32: Micah: My understanding is that 1/f represents the inverse relationship between amplitude & frequency in the EEG spectrum of the brain. My question is, can it be argued that actually the inverse relationship is between magnitude & frequency instead?
   183:   40: Micah: Okay, but in the neuron itself, the amplitude of the action potential is thought to be fixed at the threshold for firing, but duration can vary. Since Magnitude is the combination of Amp & Dur, could there be an inverse relationship between Frequency & Magnitude at both scales?
   198:   93: Today I practiced imagining myself quantity my sources of stress as circles streaming out of people, and the quantity, frequency, magnitude & scale of those circles represented a quantification or the delta of stress from that particular person, from that casual body, this inner visual metaphor of my environment with people inside it provided for me, and for brain which I think of the environment for the rendered self and the rendered ecosystem a new program from which I was able to understand my sources of stress and my responses to those sources of stress better. As soon as I saw this concept I felt myself creating another metaphor in which oscillating waves from other parts of my brain began to counteract the stress signals coming from persons in the environment. All of a sudden I felt at ease around people at Target, at ease around people on the street in SF, and at ease around people at WeWork.
   260:    5: My guess is that a particle/wave is like a phase variance from the fabric of oscillating spacetime. In otherwords if spacetime had a default wave pattern, a particle exists as a difference from the spacetime wave pattern in terms of a change in its frequency / magnitude ratio or from another perspective a change in its velocity / mass ratio
   261:    7: as the particle/wave increases in magnitude / mass it decreases in frequency / speed. As it increases in speed / frequency it decreases in mass / magnitude
   263:   11: If we replaced the word amplitude with magnitude in this instance of measuring EEG waves would the ratio still apply? Can we say that in the instance of brainwaves as measured by EEG that magnitude also has an inverse relationship with frequency?
   279:   27: Space time is the eternal golden braid, and spacetime could be thought of as the fractal of a neural network, but without the time-frequency characteristics that exist for human scale (magnitude & frequency of information patterns) that define conscious data, vs unconscious data.  
   280:   58: Can we say that space time is magnitude is inversely proportional to frequency 
   293:   27: Simply put the rate or frequency/magnitude of oscillations is stimulating growth and the direction of growth towards oscillations that have a matching frequency/magnitude, because at that interval of time, it required less energy for particles to move in that direction OR spacetime itself was moving faster in that direction (because space was heated up between the pair of frequency/magnitude matching oscillations) (insert here something like the free energy principle or law of energy conservation or Feynman's Path Integral, or extropy, or all 4) and what you get explains the clustering of oscillations, LTP long term memory, memory formation, association, the direction of synaptic growth, and the opposite of sync (the splay state) has the reverse effect, like the 'virtual entity' mentioned elsewhere in my notes.
   315:   41: I mean the sensory input neuro path ways are creating phase shifts that have via the duration of calcium channels opening & varying numbers of vesicle bodies a magnitude signal difference in terms of the quantity of neurotransmitters per interval of firing (frequency).
   330:   24: With Time Dilation time is slowest at the center of the gravitational mass where the frequency of mass or in other words where the density of mass is the highest. (evoking a reference to the inverted relationship between magnitude (space time amplitude) / frequency of mass (the density of mass)
   357: ⟪ 1504 characters skipped ⟫ event happens is a signal convergence event. The signal output could be a vector representing the frequency or phase or voltage or a wave, with one vector representing its frequency & amplitude (the magnitude of its chemical distribution) which are inversely related. The chemical pressure in the synaptic cleft could be increasing, which could lead to sodium ions being pushed into the next cell, even as the excitation of the membrane of the next cell is causing the next cell to explain and pull in new neurotransmitters like a balloon.
   417:   15: Essentially I think that with Quantum Gradient Time Dilation the particle field is like a clumpy energy oscillation, with the particle representing some valence of energy that is producing it's own spatial area that is it's frequency, but the point of an electron is going to leave a magnetic wave shape in the sense that the electron is like the faster beta frequency, and the magnetic magnitude wave it creates is like the slower theta frequency that higher amplitude & greater area effect.
   418:   17: When you accelerate electrons I would expect the frequency of the magnetic field they create to increase, but if that happens the magnitude of the magnetic field ought to decrease.
   420:   21: If the fabric of spacetime can be imagined as a single large wave, then it's scale, it's magnitude, and it's frequency are connected. 
   421:   23: If there was such as thing as the ever present now moment, an eternal moment that was in a sense always the beginning of time and always the end of time, that moment would be like a wave of almost infinite area, but in exchange for having massive area it would be mostly devoid of recognizable features, it would be a void of space in aggregate, because of the relationship between magnitude & frequency in this fractal cosmos.
   430:   15: Synaptic inputs can increase or decrease the membrane potential, potentially causing an action potential that has a variable magnitude(duration) and frequency, that effects the membrane potential of another synapse
   431:   16: in comp neuro, and in many AI models, they simplify so that all action potentials are equal, and they only take into account the frequency of the spike.but the (shape of the Action Potential wave, via its duration) matters, because that impact is going to determine how much the next synapse's membrane potential is going to be effected, which critically is going to effect it's firing frequency and magnitude also
   446:   11: mass has spatial magnitude your brain is both setup to make and consider the spatial magnitude of action potentials in addition to their frequency
   447:   15: both the mass/energy or magnitude/frequency or amplitude/pitch or weight/occurance rate
   579:   49: So phase sensors are. In fact, everything in space is a face sensor. In a sense, everything has a frequency in a magnitude. The magnitude is amplitude plus duration and there's an inverse relationship between the magnitude and the frequency. So it's not, it's, but when we think of like the brain, it isn't.
   584:   104: the frequency and magnitude (via duration of calcium receptors being open, see note) to all of its connections. So it's connections are listening to a frequency and magnitude of the pattern that that connection represents so that connection represents a network of it represents. Like it's like that pattern. It represents features, right? learned features stored as synaptic connections
   600:   63: They're all also lined up to reflect one another's perturbations, via the tonic or regular low frequency high magnitude oscillation, and one of them is going to create a rippling effect across the whole of them. So they're gonna have a signal that ripples across all of them that causes all of them to basically change their oscillatory (rate) signature by the dissipated amount. 
   664:    43: So the key is that there has to be sort of like a regular tonic signal being broadcast, and that's their (high magnitude low frequency) synchronization, right? Like the alpha frequency rate and disruption is to that are things that are events that all of the cells are going to notice.
   673:   67: # In this book I argue that the morphology of the dendrite represents the long term memory at the synaptic level, and the phase oscillation rate and duration represent the magnitude & frequency of the dendritic memory detection.
   698:    9: What would it needs to send out? Is basically a phase that is communicates, the new speed of the neurons. So is it faster than slower? Is it is a, you know, zero is it was, it is its magnitude, like a zero, one two or three, because it's frequency like the zero one, two, three, like, you know, there's inverse relationship between frequency and magnitude, right?
   699:   11: So higher frequency means lower magnitude, and so, all I need. So it needs to sound basically to each one of the neurons. And a second terminal, basically the same message which is, you know, I want to two or three event fired and so here's a bunch of neurotransmitters or no neurotransmitters.
   748:   119: It's when it's or when it's decaying, it is cycling through the same sort of fractal pattern from the large scale, when it peaks to increasingly smaller scales that signal. It is shrinking. In magnitude shrinking, an amplification and frequency. But maintaining its shape is this until it dissipates.
   773:    82: If you have a greater number of the constituent parts of brain activity synchronizing in some powerband frequency like Theta, the low frequency pattern will naturally have a high magnitude area effect to coordinate many more cells into tonic oscillating network activity in the Theta range.
  1090:   105:   27: Space time is the eternal golden braid, and spacetime could be thought of as the fractal of a neural network, but without the time-frequency characteristics that exist for human scale (magnitude & frequency of information patterns) that define conscious data, vs unconscious data.  
  1092:   139:   23: If there was such as thing as the ever present now moment, an eternal moment that was in a sense always the beginning of time and always the end of time, that moment would be like a wave of almost infinite area, but in exchange for having massive area it would be mostly devoid of recognizable features, it would be a void of space in aggregate, because of the relationship between magnitude & frequency in this fractal cosmos.
  1095:   308:   119: It's when it's or when it's decaying, it is cycling through the same sort of fractal pattern from the large scale, when it peaks to increasingly smaller scales that signal. It is shrinking. In magnitude shrinking, an amplification and frequency. But maintaining its shape is this until it dissipates.
  1096:   475:    7: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms
  1097:   509:   44: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms
  1113:   7: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms
  1125:    44: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms
  1137:   52: 16. I applied Buzsáki's work to Steven Strogatz (in the book Sync) work to connect Oscillations brainwaves at EEG scale to phase variation produced oscillations at the neuronal scale & neurotransmitter scale, and unified neural firing with brainwave firing via the hypothesis that magnitude is inverted to frequency at all scales of the universe, including at the scale of individual neuron action potential firing & at the scale of brainwaves from cortical columns or oscillating groups of cells. https://github.com/v5ma/selfawarenetworks/blob/e84c247b5a9a0f1d24bb41048368e1eba032c1a1/a0079z.md

map.magnitude.md:
    1: # Query: magnitude
    8:   35: "In contrast, DA transients evoked by cues that predict reward reflect the expected value of the future reward, as determined by reward probability3,4, temporal proximity5,6, and magnitude6,7,8" 
   13:   149: All forces can be thought of a oscillatory differentials of varying configurations (differences in magnitude (amplitude and or duration)/ frequency)
   18:   74: but basically a human is like a rock monster on some level, with our neurotransmitters being analogous to rocks, or molecules with properties like force, momentum, frequence, magnitude, velocity and other physics properties that rocks or molecules in space might have
   23:   12: My understanding is that 1/f represents the inverse relationship between amplitude & frequency in the EEG spectrum of the brain. My question is, can it be argued that actually the inverse relationship is between magnitude & frequency instead?
   25:   14: Magnitude represents the wave shape, amplitude + duration. If you don't factor both you are missing part of the equation. Neuroscience misses part of the equation.
   27:   16: Mass is the Magnitude of many volumetric frequencies (particles) oscillating together. With the inverse relationship between magnitude & frequency defining spacetime at all scales, from galaxies, to EEG powerbands, to nmda spikes & soma bursts, to particles.
   31:   11: To illustrate dots up close, of different colors, representing electrical frequency patterns to the next set of neurons, the next set of neurons are detecting frequency patterns with little drips of neurotransmitters that arrive in sequences over time to pass ions through their receptors, resulting in the occasional build up of charge with a depolarization or action potential event, that indicates a high threshold of a varying magnitude, that itself is dissipated in a multitude of tiny frequencies carried in lipid sacks called vesicles which release neurotransmitters radially across the branches of an exit terminal to the post-synaptic membranes of the dendrites of other neurons as a common class of brain activity to be an example. The radial distribution from the neuron across its exit terminal branches allow it the opportunity to reach many different neurons, distributing it’s massive starburst in lots of little packages to its neighbors, so that now its neighbors are receiving dots to their matrices. Since neurons are in a tonic firing pattern when they are not firing phasically they can also create dark spots, or patterns that appear as a negative. The neuron understands how many little dots were needed from which direction before it became overwhelmed and had to fire, there is a literal three dimensional chemical counting process going on with a dendrite collecting charged ions in various branches, or t
   36:    7: I think that the relationship between frequency and magnitude (to include amplitude & duration as two parts of the wave shape) in neuroscience at the scale of brainwaves can be scaled down to individual neurons (as duration), scaled up to brainwaves as amplitude, and scaled down again to quantum physics (particle/wave duality), and scaled up to planetary bodies (red shifting/blueshifting, galaxies, filaments, and so on.
   40:   11: So Amplitude is not always inverse to Frequency, but in the brain at the scale of EEG it is, at the neuron scale amplitude passes as duration, so the magnitude is changing, (the wave shape of the AP is changing and the calcium channels are open longer releasing more MVR (Vesicles or lipid sacks containing neurotransmitters like Dopamine for example), though the amplitude might be the same or something similar to the previous times that the AP fired.
   45:   32: Micah: My understanding is that 1/f represents the inverse relationship between amplitude & frequency in the EEG spectrum of the brain. My question is, can it be argued that actually the inverse relationship is between magnitude & frequency instead?
   49:   38: James Bonaiuto "Yes, that's right! I just didn't understand what you meant by magnitude"
   51:   40: Micah: Okay, but in the neuron itself, the amplitude of the action potential is thought to be fixed at the threshold for firing, but duration can vary. Since Magnitude is the combination of Amp & Dur, could there be an inverse relationship between Frequency & Magnitude at both scales?
   56:   22: each level up in the neo cortical hierarchy allows a new scale of prediction that is larger than the previous by an order of magnitude that may be expontential.
   61:   21: # "We have trained ESMFold to predict full atomic protein structure directly from language model representations of a single sequence. Accuracy is competitive with AlphaFold on most proteins with order of magnitude faster inference. By @MetaAI Protein Team."
   65:   93: Today I practiced imagining myself quantity my sources of stress as circles streaming out of people, and the quantity, frequency, magnitude & scale of those circles represented a quantification or the delta of stress from that particular person, from that casual body, this inner visual metaphor of my environment with people inside it provided for me, and for brain which I think of the environment for the rendered self and the rendered ecosystem a new program from which I was able to understand my sources of stress and my responses to those sources of stress better. As soon as I saw this concept I felt myself creating another metaphor in which oscillating waves from other parts of my brain began to counteract the stress signals coming from persons in the environment. All of a sudden I felt at ease around people at Target, at ease around people on the street in SF, and at ease around people at WeWork.
   70:   52: are orders of magnitude larger generate interference effects when electrons
   75:   8: finally the magnitude of the APsyn is more relevant than the Amplitude, because the duration replaces the Amplitude in the changed waveform of the APsyn, set by mostly changes in potassium, affects how long the calcium channels are open/closed resulting in the number of vesicles containing neurotransmitters that released, with 0, 1, 2, or 3 vesicle sacks capable of being released, each might contain 2000  neurotransmitters, 
   80:     5: My guess is that a particle/wave is like a phase variance from the fabric of oscillating spacetime. In otherwords if spacetime had a default wave pattern, a particle exists as a difference from the spacetime wave pattern in terms of a change in its frequency / magnitude ratio or from another perspective a change in its velocity / mass ratio
   82:     7: as the particle/wave increases in magnitude / mass it decreases in frequency / speed. As it increases in speed / frequency it decreases in mass / magnitude
   86:    11: If we replaced the word amplitude with magnitude in this instance of measuring EEG waves would the ratio still apply? Can we say that in the instance of brainwaves as measured by EEG that magnitude also has an inverse relationship with frequency?
   90:    15: (relevant to the question of whether we can replace the word amplitude with magnitude in EEG Studies, because the wave shape is really magnitude, a combination of amplitude & duration)
   94:   116: calcium subtopics, amplitude, duration, magnitude, release
   99:   27: Space time is the eternal golden braid, and spacetime could be thought of as the fractal of a neural network, but without the time-frequency characteristics that exist for human scale (magnitude & frequency of information patterns) that define conscious data, vs unconscious data.  
  103:   48: The phase pattern of the mind is a 3D grid pattern, a pattern defined by frequencies with varying durations (magnitudes) in a 3D grid of cells (your brain)
  107:   58: Can we say that space time is magnitude is inversely proportional to frequency 
  111:   68: but then we need to quantify how the density of atoms in some volume of space corresponds to the magnitude of time dilation from a given mass.
  115:   73: that regular tonic oscillations will also affect the duration of the Action Potential Magnitude, during normal tonic oscillation, increasing or decreasing the changes of a phasic pulse from that group.
  120:   27: Simply put the rate or frequency/magnitude of oscillations is stimulating growth and the direction of growth towards oscillations that have a matching frequency/magnitude, because at that interval of time, it required less energy for particles to move in that direction OR spacetime itself was moving faster in that direction (because space was heated up between the pair of frequency/magnitude matching oscillations) (insert here something like the free energy principle or law of energy conservation or Feynman's Path Integral, or extropy, or all 4) and what you get explains the clustering of oscillations, LTP long term memory, memory formation, association, the direction of synaptic growth, and the opposite of sync (the splay state) has the reverse effect, like the 'virtual entity' mentioned elsewhere in my notes.
  125:   41: I mean the sensory input neuro path ways are creating phase shifts that have via the duration of calcium channels opening & varying numbers of vesicle bodies a magnitude signal difference in terms of the quantity of neurotransmitters per interval of firing (frequency).
  130:   67: While current TMS is a rather blunt tool, like a shotgun of brain stimulation, (according to a neurosurgeon that I asked) researchers are working on refining it so that it is more like a scalpel in terms of its precision. In order to use TMS for Neural Lace it would need to become at least an order of magnitude more precise in terms of the signals it sends and receives, but the good news is that scientists are working on refining the technology.
  135:   24: With Time Dilation time is slowest at the center of the gravitational mass where the frequency of mass or in other words where the density of mass is the highest. (evoking a reference to the inverted relationship between magnitude (space time amplitude) / frequency of mass (the density of mass)
  140:   25: ⟪ 686 characters skipped ⟫DAR architecture and technology. According to Han Bin Lee, CEO of Seoul Robotics: “3D image processing requires fundamentally different techniques since voxels (3D data element) represent an order of magnitude more information (a cube vs a rectangle) and costs for annotating this data manually is very expensive”. Figure 2 compares 2D and 3D imaging in typical automotive scenarios:
  145:   15: ⟪ 1498 characters skipped ⟫ event happens is a signal convergence event. The signal output could be a vector representing the frequency or phase or voltage or a wave, with one vector representing its frequency & amplitude (the magnitude of its chemical distribution) which are inversely related. The chemical pressure in the synaptic cleft could be increasing, which could lead to sodium ions being pushed into the next cell, even as the excitation of the membrane of the next cell is causing the next cell to explain and pull in new neurotransmitters like a balloon.
  149:   19: # Multi-Vesicle -> Multi-scale Magnitude Neuro Transmitter Release (referenced in b0123y and b0067y.md)
  153:   25: # The magnitude of the wave, determined by Potassium (see Synaptic Unreliability article a0221z.md) is passed via duration (calcium channels open longer)
  158:   15: Essentially I think that with Quantum Gradient Time Dilation the particle field is like a clumpy energy oscillation, with the particle representing some valence of energy that is producing it's own spatial area that is it's frequency, but the point of an electron is going to leave a magnetic wave shape in the sense that the electron is like the faster beta frequency, and the magnetic magnitude wave it creates is like the slower theta frequency that higher amplitude & greater area effect.
  160:   17: When you accelerate electrons I would expect the frequency of the magnetic field they create to increase, but if that happens the magnitude of the magnetic field ought to decrease.
  164:   21: If the fabric of spacetime can be imagined as a single large wave, then it's scale, it's magnitude, and it's frequency are connected. 
  166:   23: If there was such as thing as the ever present now moment, an eternal moment that was in a sense always the beginning of time and always the end of time, that moment would be like a wave of almost infinite area, but in exchange for having massive area it would be mostly devoid of recognizable features, it would be a void of space in aggregate, because of the relationship between magnitude & frequency in this fractal cosmos.
  170:   35: It's like saying that the void of spacetime as a quantum structure requires in the polarity of it's energy architecture the pushing out of energy valences, or diverging frequences with volumetric magnitudes as a consequence of it's structural formation.
  175:   15: Synaptic inputs can increase or decrease the membrane potential, potentially causing an action potential that has a variable magnitude(duration) and frequency, that effects the membrane potential of another synapse
  176:   16: in comp neuro, and in many AI models, they simplify so that all action potentials are equal, and they only take into account the frequency of the spike.but the (shape of the Action Potential wave, via its duration) matters, because that impact is going to determine how much the next synapse's membrane potential is going to be effected, which critically is going to effect it's firing frequency and magnitude also
  181:   11: mass has spatial magnitude your brain is both setup to make and consider the spatial magnitude of action potentials in addition to their frequency
  185:   15: both the mass/energy or magnitude/frequency or amplitude/pitch or weight/occurance rate
  190:   26: Also, the numbers could be off by four, even five orders of magnitude (!) and still support the idea that the majority of the brain's processing is subconscious.
  194:   36: Also, the numbers could be off by four, even five orders of magnitude (!) and still support the idea that the majority of the brain's processing is subconscious."
  198:   41: David Bergman Micah Blumberg: totally correct. To try to extract only the, for the test, useful bits (pun?) is definitely skewing the processing estimates of consciousness by a few orders of magnitude...
  202:   63: Micah Blumberg Even if the numbers are off by only a hundred trillion orders of magnitude, the data should still be THROWN out because the premises have no ground to them AT ALL.
  207:   20: the varying rates of burst like distribution of cell communication, meaning that synaptic releases of transmitters like dopamine vary in magnitude with the action potential shape change (duration of calcium gates determined by potassium rates, determined by rates of received activity) allow signals to vary in noise levels between arrays but this effects pattern development across the 3D neural betwork because the lines that distribute the next round of information are constantly changing resulting in new combinations of learned patterns meeting temporally oscillating patterns representing previously learned memories, resulting in the novel creating of creative lines of thought and the product of differences in perception between people, but also eventually the production of agreements between people as certain patterns become learned invariantly across brains.
  209:   22: for each neuron array a neuron, the one that reaches firing threshold coordinates or transforms received temporal durations into displayed spatial magnitudes by inhibiting some varying number of cells (via varying rates of neurotransmitter release) on the rest of its array.
  214:   45: So, there's a lot, there's there's a lot more to cover. But basically, that's why I can say, we couldn't reduce an app in the abstract, we could reduce an abstract, the human brain to a field of tensors that are. I feel the face. Cancer face answers are tensors that consists primarily of frequencies with magnitude.
  218:   49: So phase sensors are. In fact, everything in space is a face sensor. In a sense, everything has a frequency in a magnitude. The magnitude is amplitude plus duration and there's an inverse relationship between the magnitude and the frequency. So it's not, it's, but when we think of like the brain, it isn't.
  222:   53: It's, I'm arguing that we've the current model of the brain is one. And one in which a phase is is not not something that has a magnitude a sort of like started in deep in the magnitude of the phase is sort of discarded in and in the modern deep learning network.
  227:     6: # The biggest failure in the entire history of neuroscience is that we have been using the term amplitude instead of the term magnitude to model the action potential.
  228:     7: reference note a0221z.md on synaptic unreliability and search all the notes in this repo for magnitude specially in the context of magnitude in note a0089z.md which explains that a neuron passes its magnitude not through amplitude, but through duration, which scales up or down the number of vesicle sacks released between 0-4 with each firing of the APsyn
  232:   104: the frequency and magnitude (via duration of calcium receptors being open, see note) to all of its connections. So it's connections are listening to a frequency and magnitude of the pattern that that connection represents so that connection represents a network of it represents. Like it's like that pattern. It represents features, right? learned features stored as synaptic connections
  237:   154: But but at the at the there's a potassium current gives us the decay time of the action potential, which is going to determine the the magnitude of the, of the neurons signal to other neurons, right? So it's this potassium rate depended potassium diffusion rate. So so here we have a potassium, diffusion rate that can produce basically, one of four different possible realities per action potential, right?
  242:   63: They're all also lined up to reflect one another's perturbations, via the tonic or regular low frequency high magnitude oscillation, and one of them is going to create a rippling effect across the whole of them. So they're gonna have a signal that ripples across all of them that causes all of them to basically change their oscillatory (rate) signature by the dissipated amount. 
  247:   564: Charges into charges and magnitude so it's ultimately attracting and repelling in a sense.
  252:    43: So the key is that there has to be sort of like a regular tonic signal being broadcast, and that's their (high magnitude low frequency) synchronization, right? Like the alpha frequency rate and disruption is to that are things that are events that all of the cells are going to notice.
  256:   363: # Multi-Vesicle -> Multi-scale Magnitude Neuro Transmitter Release (referenced in b0123y)
  257:   364: # The magnitude of the wave, determined by Potassium (see Synaptic Unreliability article a0221z.md) is passed via duration (calcium channels open longer)
  261:   392: But it's because so the patterns can have different magnitude. That's important because it's like how much does this pattern resonate? Some patterns should resonate more than other patterns, right? Because the idea is like, well, what are we gonna be paying attention to?
  266:   67: # In this book I argue that the morphology of the dendrite represents the long term memory at the synaptic level, and the phase oscillation rate and duration represent the magnitude & frequency of the dendritic memory detection.
  271:    9: What would it needs to send out? Is basically a phase that is communicates, the new speed of the neurons. So is it faster than slower? Is it is a, you know, zero is it was, it is its magnitude, like a zero, one two or three, because it's frequency like the zero one, two, three, like, you know, there's inverse relationship between frequency and magnitude, right?
  273:   11: So higher frequency means lower magnitude, and so, all I need. So it needs to sound basically to each one of the neurons. And a second terminal, basically the same message which is, you know, I want to two or three event fired and so here's a bunch of neurotransmitters or no neurotransmitters.
  278:   236: It's just the horizontal travel with what, you know, that's like an orbit. It's like orbital travel, right? But it's just going to be based on the scale from the origin point of the oscillator but this the distance-based scale. So I mean, based on the distance from the center of the oscillator and the magnitude of the oscillator that's going to be sort of like this fading of of attraction because the line, the lions are emanating from the oscillator are going to have an increasingly less amount of effect.
  282:   248: So of course if the if the earth you know, collided with another earth size body then it would it might fall out of orbit, you know, now or you know, it's trajectory could be changed. I don't know how much exact, how much magnitude is going to take to change this trajectory of the planet, but another planet out to do it.
  287:   74: You have four potential magnitudes of synaptic communication bits with micro vesical release you have you can either release. Zero vesicles, one vessel. Two vessels are three vessels. And that basically, for example might contain 2000 atoms of dopamine. Yeah. I mean 2000. Yeah. 2000 narrow transmitters that like don't remain or something and I mean if they add them so these are but don't mean.
  292:   119: It's when it's or when it's decaying, it is cycling through the same sort of fractal pattern from the large scale, when it peaks to increasingly smaller scales that signal. It is shrinking. In magnitude shrinking, an amplification and frequency. But maintaining its shape is this until it dissipates.
  297:   9: # The magnitude of the wave, determined by Potassium (see Synaptic Unreliability article a0221z.md) is passed via duration (calcium channels open longer)
  302:   82: If you have a greater number of the constituent parts of brain activity synchronizing in some powerband frequency like Theta, the low frequency pattern will naturally have a high magnitude area effect to coordinate many more cells into tonic oscillating network activity in the Theta range.
  307:   11: The idea is this, if the dendrite has 120 receptors, and lets say 9 of them light up, and the cell has response, maybe the action potential is triggered. Now the neurons connected via the exit terminal all receive a signal. The duration of how much potassium was collected affects the duration of how long the calcium channels are opened for, which transmits the magnitude of the AP potential to the neurons in the exit terminal. 
  312:   67: The maybe there's that, like the gate synaptic gate opening. I don't know. I don't know. Like like how, how much variation could there be in the cycle windows? When do the gates open? And when do they close? There is one thing that opens the gates or something else. I close the gates, but the thing that opens the gates does that have a different magnitude, or spatial pattern.
  317:   495: Magnitude response that's like okay, it's like what's the magnitude response like oh or whoa, whoa, I guess the magnitude of response right one, two, three different levels or nothing.
  321:   785: So they're not big and exactly the same space there, they're just slightly apart and there's a trillion trillion of them. And you're not a mat you're not like you're not gonna imagine like the literal like visualization of trillion. Say this right because I did here is that I mean, you could you could but the idea is that any any magnitude if information could be represented by having representations behind other representations, so it's any representation.
  326:   1810: Or the spin that generates the magnitude in the brain or the current that that that's going through in the brain so basically because current actually generates the magnetic field so the you can I mean either so there are two sources right they actually the same source but macro one is macroscopic and one is microscopic so macroscopically you have current let's say neuron conducting the is is there's a current going through neuron and then it will generate.
  329:   1813: Magnetic field and then the others probably they I don't know about the biology so so I am just saying in principle physics, so if there is a kind of a magnetic like spin like the the the molecules if the electrons going around the the the market if they they line up they're no more producer magnitude, but.
  332:   1816: But most likely I think it's the current going in the brain that generates the inlet magnetic field so basically very clear that you you can back out from detecting the magnitude you get back out the current dense, so the distribution of the current location and strength of the current but yeah, I think in principle if you just detect the magnitude outside the brain and it will suffer the same short for the, Detecting the electric field outside the brain because basically you can have two distributions let's say the just two distribution two different distributions of electron but they they charge but generates the same electric field which is measured by the EEG so that's why you you have a the further away you detected the the lower the resolution would be and then the same thing happens with the magnetic field but, He did the degree to which degree of the the low resolution or the none uniqueness of the solution is different but I don't know that the the the specifics but in principle you you'll have this non-specification or non-uniqueness of the solutions for the the distribution of the charge and the distribution was current so so that's why I think but that's why.
  337:   1103: A quarter of a million dollars so trying to break it down a few orders of magnitude is actually quite possible again through a bunch of tricks that are more machine learning bass, but basically doing something similar to computational photography where you leverage machine learning to increase the resolution or resolution capability of a low-cost sensor by training in tandem with a high resolution sensor.
  342:   217: Time. So how close were you able to get to measuring like single neuron spikes? And I asked that because I guess one of the major differences that people have been saying about neural links is that when you measure single neuron spikes you're talking about a new order of magnitude of resolution potentially for medical imaging.
  346:   307: So it's like is like orders of magnitude more neurons and you're able to place them precisely so that the Utah array was like I said like a flat sheet of like a hundred recording electrodes and you get whatever you get when you implant it where's the neural link is like precisely implanting three thousand individually so that's it and two clarified.
  351:   178: So, We would not typically do any EEG at the same time as a functional MRI with the magnitude of encephalography really we are mapping out brain activity. And we're we're reporting magnetic fields largely that are occurring throughout the brain and so you know, we're trying to do is is challenge a participant with a particular perceptual or cognitive challenge and localize where in the brain is that challenge mapping to with the most activity electromagnetic activity.
  356:    33: Side of your magnitude, your mic is breaking up a lot oh, so let me maybe it's the connection is this better. I hope this will be better that is statistically significant sound for me, so he carries okay, so what I'm trying to say is that think about your brain as as a container to to keep an electrical storm together.
  360:   713: Okay, so um, so the so there's a. There's a lot of lot of work that's been done by other people. I can sort of talk about that that could be relevant with the answers that the answers are on different scales of magnitude depending on your level of focus, there's many different scales of answers related to to this to this so I could talk about you know, like there's a like, you know, how how like at a, An architectural level how the the the future neural networks will make decisions in a granular way.
  365:    30: Side of your magnitude, your mic is breaking up a lot oh, so let me maybe it's the connection is this better. I hope this will be better that is statistically significant sound for me, so he carries okay, so what I'm trying to say is that think about your brain as as a container to to keep an electrical storm together.
  369:   699: Okay, so um, so the so there's a. There's a lot of lot of work that's been done by other people. I can sort of talk about that that could be relevant with the answers that the answers are on different scales of magnitude depending on your level of focus, there's many different scales of answers related to to this to this so I could talk about you know, like there's a like, you know, how how like at a, An architectural level how the the the future neural networks will make decisions in a granular way.
  374:   1091: Space. That is able to simulate an entire universe. It's where you need a parent universe that is many magnitudes larger, right? So you cannot do that many mature scars and then still end of interesting physics going on a little devil. And so, I think that the lactic that we are in basically identity is just because of that relatively high.
  379:    28: Side of your magnitude, your mic is breaking up a lot oh, so let me maybe it's the connection is this better. I hope this will be better that is statistically significant sound for me, so he carries okay, so what I'm trying to say is that think about your brain as as a container to to keep an electrical storm together.
  383:   712: Okay, so um, so the so there's a. There's a lot of lot of work that's been done by other people. I can sort of talk about that that could be relevant with the answers that the answers are on different scales of magnitude depending on your level of focus, there's many different scales of answers related to to this to this so I could talk about you know, like there's a like, you know, how how like at a, An architectural level how the the the future neural networks will make decisions in a granular way.
  388:   453: ⟪ 257 characters skipped ⟫ng to things regards stadiums to adapt to reward. S in the world how does your theory deal with behavior as potential spotlight consciousness shifts towards not whether something is sufficient in its magnitude to recruit consciousness awareness but whether it is of salience, let's say in the simple case to survival right so in many cases that might be sufficient to have a generalized picture of the world and it's causing economical and dissolving sense, but what about the instance where you need to pay there?
  393:   177: Have learned if you have to reduce it to a single you know on or off (1 or 0) then then potentially you're losing a lot of information and later on they made an adaption to where you know, it's it's um like it it can there's like, um, if it crosses if it's it's on but above a certain threshold then you can you can have like a vector that represents the the magnitude above that threshold, so they expanded the the depths of of what a single neuron could do what a single artificial neuron could could transmit.
  397:   184: it's a one or zero in terms of whether it's activated but then beyond that artificial neuron has is represented by a vector which is just greater or or less than the it was either closer to to zero or closer to one in in terms of so it's sort of gives some sort of magnitude to the to the neural network.
  401:   200: The presynaptic k potassium modifies the action potential (magnitude) or apsin which determines the strength of the synaptic signal including the (magnitude) of the postsynaptic response and then that leads to how many vesicles can be released per action potential which is between usually between zero and three.
  405:   251: So, I think that's what you're talking about with the by messing with the k the k currents the k channels. The potassium channels you're you're changing the shape of the spike (magnitude) which you didn't mention but that's basically the result of that and by making the shape of the spike more spread out (duration) it allows enough time for its not just one vesicle to get released but like a bunch of (vesicles) get released over that much time.
  410:   46: More than twenty years later after my Grandmother passed away, as an adult, I would find myself living in my Grandfather's house for a time, it felt like months not years, I don't remember exactly how long. Although I don't recall him mentioning the tv show "Get Smart" by name he would sometimes refer to me as 99, or Maxwell Smart's sidekick from that 60s tv show. He would say things like "with an operation of this magnitude there are bound to be some losses" and if I quoted him or someone else he might offer up the phrase "he said something like that" a point that would cause me to examine whether I was quoting someone else accurately, or paraphrasing them. 
  415:    13:   149: All forces can be thought of a oscillatory differentials of varying configurations (differences in magnitude (amplitude and or duration)/ frequency)
  419:    50:   12: My understanding is that 1/f represents the inverse relationship between amplitude & frequency in the EEG spectrum of the brain. My question is, can it be argued that actually the inverse relationship is between magnitude & frequency instead?
  420:    51:   14: Magnitude represents the wave shape, amplitude + duration. If you don't factor both you are missing part of the equation. Neuroscience misses part of the equation.
  424:    59:    7: I think that the relationship between frequency and magnitude (to include amplitude & duration as two parts of the wave shape) in neuroscience at the scale of brainwaves can be scaled down to individual neurons (as duration), scaled up to brainwaves as amplitude, and scaled down again to quantum physics (particle/wave duality), and scaled up to planetary bodies (red shifting/blueshifting, galaxies, filaments, and so on.
  426:    61:   11: So Amplitude is not always inverse to Frequency, but in the brain at the scale of EEG it is, at the neuron scale amplitude passes as duration, so the magnitude is changing, (the wave shape of the AP is changing and the calcium channels are open longer releasing more MVR (Vesicles or lipid sacks containing neurotransmitters like Dopamine for example), though the amplitude might be the same or something similar to the previous times that the AP fired.
  430:    83:   32: Micah: My understanding is that 1/f represents the inverse relationship between amplitude & frequency in the EEG spectrum of the brain. My question is, can it be argued that actually the inverse relationship is between magnitude & frequency instead?
  432:    85:   40: Micah: Okay, but in the neuron itself, the amplitude of the action potential is thought to be fixed at the threshold for firing, but duration can vary. Since Magnitude is the combination of Amp & Dur, could there be an inverse relationship between Frequency & Magnitude at both scales?
  436:   111:   8: finally the magnitude of the APsyn is more relevant than the Amplitude, because the duration replaces the Amplitude in the changed waveform of the APsyn, set by mostly changes in potassium, affects how long the calcium channels are open/closed resulting in the number of vesicles containing neurotransmitters that released, with 0, 1, 2, or 3 vesicle sacks capable of being released, each might contain 2000  neurotransmitters, 
  440:   118:    11: If we replaced the word amplitude with magnitude in this instance of measuring EEG waves would the ratio still apply? Can we say that in the instance of brainwaves as measured by EEG that magnitude also has an inverse relationship with frequency?
  441:   119:    15: (relevant to the question of whether we can replace the word amplitude with magnitude in EEG Studies, because the wave shape is really magnitude, a combination of amplitude & duration)
  442:   120:   116: calcium subtopics, amplitude, duration, magnitude, release
  446:   144:   24: With Time Dilation time is slowest at the center of the gravitational mass where the frequency of mass or in other words where the density of mass is the highest. (evoking a reference to the inverted relationship between magnitude (space time amplitude) / frequency of mass (the density of mass)
  450:   159: ⟪ 1504 characters skipped ⟫ event happens is a signal convergence event. The signal output could be a vector representing the frequency or phase or voltage or a wave, with one vector representing its frequency & amplitude (the magnitude of its chemical distribution) which are inversely related. The chemical pressure in the synaptic cleft could be increasing, which could lead to sodium ions being pushed into the next cell, even as the excitation of the membrane of the next cell is causing the next cell to explain and pull in new neurotransmitters like a balloon.
  454:   186:   15: ⟪ 260 characters skipped ⟫ron is going to leave a magnetic wave shape in the sense that the electron is like the faster beta frequency, and the magnetic magnitude wave it creates is like the slower theta frequency that higher amplitude & greater area effect.
  458:   195:   15: both the mass/energy or magnitude/frequency or amplitude/pitch or weight/occurance rate
  462:   243:   49: So phase sensors are. In fact, everything in space is a face sensor. In a sense, everything has a frequency in a magnitude. The magnitude is amplitude plus duration and there's an inverse relationship between the magnitude and the frequency. So it's not, it's, but when we think of like the brain, it isn't.
  465:   246:   6: # The biggest failure in the entire history of neuroscience is that we have been using the term amplitude instead of the term magnitude to model the action potential.
  466:   247:   7: reference note a0221z.md on synaptic unreliability and search all the notes in this repo for magnitude specially in the context of magnitude in note a0089z.md which explains that a neuron passes its magnitude not through amplitude, but through duration, which scales up or down the number of vesicle sacks released between 0-4 with each firing of the APsyn
  470:   428:    45: b0004y "The biggest failure in the entire history of neuroscience is that we have been using the term amplitude instead of the term magnitude to model the action potential."
  475:    938:   67: # In this book I argue that the morphology of the dendrite represents the long term memory at the synaptic level, and the phase oscillation rate and duration represent the magnitude & frequency of the dendritic memory detection.
  479:   1639:    52: 16. I applied Buzsáki's work to Steven Strogatz (in the book Sync) work to connect Oscillations brainwaves at EEG scale to phase variation produced oscillations at the neuronal scale & neurotransmitter scale, and unified neural firing with brainwave firing via the hypothesis that magnitude is inverted to frequency at all scales of the universe, including at the scale of individual neuron action potential firing & at the scale of brainwaves from cortical columns or oscillating groups of cells. https://github.com/v5ma/selfawarenetworks/blob/e84c247b5a9a0f1d24bb41048368e1eba032c1a1/a0079z.md
  484:   65:   68: but then we need to quantify how the density of atoms in some volume of space corresponds to the magnitude of time dilation from a given mass.
  488:   74:   24: With Time Dilation time is slowest at the center of the gravitational mass where the frequency of mass or in other words where the density of mass is the highest. (evoking a reference to the inverted relationship between magnitude (space time amplitude) / frequency of mass (the density of mass)
  493:   105:   27: Space time is the eternal golden braid, and spacetime could be thought of as the fractal of a neural network, but without the time-frequency characteristics that exist for human scale (magnitude & frequency of information patterns) that define conscious data, vs unconscious data.  
  497:   139:   23: If there was such as thing as the ever present now moment, an eternal moment that was in a sense always the beginning of time and always the end of time, that moment would be like a wave of almost infinite area, but in exchange for having massive area it would be mostly devoid of recognizable features, it would be a void of space in aggregate, because of the relationship between magnitude & frequency in this fractal cosmos.
  501:   308:   119: It's when it's or when it's decaying, it is cycling through the same sort of fractal pattern from the large scale, when it peaks to increasingly smaller scales that signal. It is shrinking. In magnitude shrinking, an amplification and frequency. But maintaining its shape is this until it dissipates.
  505:   475:    7: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms
  509:   509:   44: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms
  514:     22:   149: All forces can be thought of a oscillatory differentials of varying configurations (differences in magnitude (amplitude and or duration)/ frequency)
  518:    108:   12: My understanding is that 1/f represents the inverse relationship between amplitude & frequency in the EEG spectrum of the brain. My question is, can it be argued that actually the inverse relationship is between magnitude & frequency instead?
  519:    109:   16: Mass is the Magnitude of many volumetric frequencies (particles) oscillating together. With the inverse relationship between magnitude & frequency defining spacetime at all scales, from galaxies, to EEG powerbands, to nmda spikes & soma bursts, to particles.
  523:    118:   11: To illustrate dots up close, of different colors, representing electrical frequency patterns to the next set of neurons, the next set of neurons are detecting frequency patterns with little drips of neurotransmitters that arrive in sequences over time to pass ions through their receptors, resulting in the occasional build up of charge with a depolarization or action potential event, that indicates a high threshold of a varying magnitude, that itself is dissipated in a multitude of tiny frequencies carried in lipid sacks called vesicles which release neurotransmitters radially across the branches of an exit terminal to the post-synaptic membranes of the dendrites of other neurons as a common class of brain activity to be an example. The radial distribution from the neuron across its exit terminal branches allow it the opportunity to reach many different neurons, distributing it’s massive starburst in lots of little packages to its neighbors, so that now its neighbors are receiving dots to their matrices. Since neurons are in a tonic firing pattern when they are not firing phasically they can also create dark spots, or patterns that appear as 
  527:    125:    7: I think that the relationship between frequency and magnitude (to include amplitude & duration as two parts of the wave shape) in neuroscience at the scale of brainwaves can be scaled down to individual neurons (as duration), scaled up to brainwaves as amplitude, and scaled down again to quantum physics (particle/wave duality), and scaled up to planetary bodies (red shifting/blueshifting, galaxies, filaments, and so on.
  529:    127:   11: So Amplitude is not always inverse to Frequency, but in the brain at the scale of EEG it is, at the neuron scale amplitude passes as duration, so the magnitude is changing, (the wave shape of the AP is changing and the calcium channels are open longer releasing more MVR (Vesicles or lipid sacks containing neurotransmitters like Dopamine for example), though the amplitude might be the same or something similar to the previous times that the AP fired.
  533:    181:   32: Micah: My understanding is that 1/f represents the inverse relationship between amplitude & frequency in the EEG spectrum of the brain. My question is, can it be argued that actually the inverse relationship is between magnitude & frequency instead?
  535:    183:   40: Micah: Okay, but in the neuron itself, the amplitude of the action potential is thought to be fixed at the threshold for firing, but duration can vary. Since Magnitude is the combination of Amp & Dur, could there be an inverse relationship between Frequency & Magnitude at both scales?
  539:    198:   93: Today I practiced imagining myself quantity my sources of stress as circles streaming out of people, and the quantity, frequency, magnitude & scale of those circles represented a quantification or the delta of stress from that particular person, from that casual body, this inner visual metaphor of my environment with people inside it provided for me, and for brain which I think of the environment for the rendered self and the rendered ecosystem a new program from which I was able to understand my sources of stress and my responses to those sources of stress better. As soon as I saw this concept I felt myself creating another metaphor in which oscillating waves from other parts of my brain began to counteract the stress signals coming from persons in the environment. All of a sudden I felt at ease around people at Target, at ease around people on the street in SF, and at ease around people at WeWork.
  543:    260:    5: My guess is that a particle/wave is like a phase variance from the fabric of oscillating spacetime. In otherwords if spacetime had a default wave pattern, a particle exists as a difference from the spacetime wave pattern in terms of a change in its frequency / magnitude ratio or from another perspective a change in its velocity / mass ratio
  544:    261:    7: as the particle/wave increases in magnitude / mass it decreases in frequency / speed. As it increases in speed / frequency it decreases in mass / magnitude
  546:    263:   11: If we replaced the word amplitude with magnitude in this instance of measuring EEG waves would the ratio still apply? Can we say that in the instance of brainwaves as measured by EEG that magnitude also has an inverse relationship with frequency?
  550:    279:   27: Space time is the eternal golden braid, and spacetime could be thought of as the fractal of a neural network, but without the time-frequency characteristics that exist for human scale (magnitude & frequency of information patterns) that define conscious data, vs unconscious data.  
  551:    280:   58: Can we say that space time is magnitude is inversely proportional to frequency 
  555:    293:   27: Simply put the rate or frequency/magnitude of oscillations is stimulating growth and the direction of growth towards oscillations that have a matching frequency/magnitude, because at that interval of time, it required less energy for particles to move in that direction OR spacetime itself was moving faster in that direction (because space was heated up between the pair of frequency/magnitude matching oscillations) (insert here something like the free energy principle or law of energy conservation or Feynman's Path Integral, or extropy, or all 4) and what you get explains the clustering of oscillations, LTP long term memory, memory formation, association, the direction of synaptic growth, and the opposite of sync (the splay state) has the reverse effect, like the 'virtual entity' mentioned elsewhere in my notes.
  559:    315:   41: I mean the sensory input neuro path ways are creating phase shifts that have via the duration of calcium channels opening & varying numbers of vesicle bodies a magnitude signal difference in terms of the quantity of neurotransmitters per interval of firing (frequency).
  563:    330:   24: With Time Dilation time is slowest at the center of the gravitational mass where the frequency of mass or in other words where the density of mass is the highest. (evoking a reference to the inverted relationship between magnitude (space time amplitude) / frequency of mass (the density of mass)
  567:    357: ⟪ 1504 characters skipped ⟫ event happens is a signal convergence event. The signal output could be a vector representing the frequency or phase or voltage or a wave, with one vector representing its frequency & amplitude (the magnitude of its chemical distribution) which are inversely related. The chemical pressure in the synaptic cleft could be increasing, which could lead to sodium ions being pushed into the next cell, even as the excitation of the membrane of the next cell is causing the next cell to explain and pull in new neurotransmitters like a balloon.
  571:    417:   15: Essentially I think that with Quantum Gradient Time Dilation the particle field is like a clumpy energy oscillation, with the particle representing some valence of energy that is producing it's own spatial area that is it's frequency, but the point of an electron is going to leave a magnetic wave shape in the sense that the electron is like the faster beta frequency, and the magnetic magnitude wave it creates is like the slower theta frequency that higher amplitude & greater area effect.
  572:    418:   17: When you accelerate electrons I would expect the frequency of the magnetic field they create to increase, but if that happens the magnitude of the magnetic field ought to decrease.
  574:    420:   21: If the fabric of spacetime can be imagined as a single large wave, then it's scale, it's magnitude, and it's frequency are connected. 
  575:    421:   23: If there was such as thing as the ever present now moment, an eternal moment that was in a sense always the beginning of time and always the end of time, that moment would be like a wave of almost infinite area, but in exchange for having massive area it would be mostly devoid of recognizable features, it would be a void of space in aggregate, because of the relationship between magnitude & frequency in this fractal cosmos.
  579:    430:   15: Synaptic inputs can increase or decrease the membrane potential, potentially causing an action potential that has a variable magnitude(duration) and frequency, that effects the membrane potential of another synapse
  580:    431:   16: in comp neuro, and in many AI models, they simplify so that all action potentials are equal, and they only take into account the frequency of the spike.but the (shape of the Action Potential wave, via its duration) matters, because that impact is going to determine how much the next synapse's membrane potential is going to be effected, which critically is going to effect it's firing frequency and magnitude also
  584:    446:   11: mass has spatial magnitude your brain is both setup to make and consider the spatial magnitude of action potentials in addition to their frequency
  585:    447:   15: both the mass/energy or magnitude/frequency or amplitude/pitch or weight/occurance rate
  589:    579:   49: So phase sensors are. In fact, everything in space is a face sensor. In a sense, everything has a frequency in a magnitude. The magnitude is amplitude plus duration and there's an inverse relationship between the magnitude and the frequency. So it's not, it's, but when we think of like the brain, it isn't.
  593:    584:   104: the frequency and magnitude (via duration of calcium receptors being open, see note) to all of its connections. So it's connections are listening to a frequency and magnitude of the pattern that that connection represents so that connection represents a network of it represents. Like it's like that pattern. It represents features, right? learned features stored as synaptic connections
  597:    600:   63: They're all also lined up to reflect one another's perturbations, via the tonic or regular low frequency high magnitude oscillation, and one of them is going to create a rippling effect across the whole of them. So they're gonna have a signal that ripples across all of them that causes all of them to basically change their oscillatory (rate) signature by the dissipated amount. 
  601:    664:    43: So the key is that there has to be sort of like a regular tonic signal being broadcast, and that's their (high magnitude low frequency) synchronization, right? Like the alpha frequency rate and disruption is to that are things that are events that all of the cells are going to notice.
  605:    673:   67: # In this book I argue that the morphology of the dendrite represents the long term memory at the synaptic level, and the phase oscillation rate and duration represent the magnitude & frequency of the dendritic memory detection.
  609:    698:    9: What would it needs to send out? Is basically a phase that is communicates, the new speed of the neurons. So is it faster than slower? Is it is a, you know, zero is it was, it is its magnitude, like a zero, one two or three, because it's frequency like the zero one, two, three, like, you know, there's inverse relationship between frequency and magnitude, right?
  610:    699:   11: So higher frequency means lower magnitude, and so, all I need. So it needs to sound basically to each one of the neurons. And a second terminal, basically the same message which is, you know, I want to two or three event fired and so here's a bunch of neurotransmitters or no neurotransmitters.
  614:    748:   119: It's when it's or when it's decaying, it is cycling through the same sort of fractal pattern from the large scale, when it peaks to increasingly smaller scales that signal. It is shrinking. In magnitude shrinking, an amplification and frequency. But maintaining its shape is this until it dissipates.
  618:    773:    82: If you have a greater number of the constituent parts of brain activity synchronizing in some powerband frequency like Theta, the low frequency pattern will naturally have a high magnitude area effect to coordinate many more cells into tonic oscillating network activity in the Theta range.
  622:   1090:   105:   27: Space time is the eternal golden braid, and spacetime could be thought of as the fractal of a neural network, but without the time-frequency characteristics that exist for human scale (magnitude & frequency of information patterns) that define conscious data, vs unconscious data.  
  624:   1092:   139:   23: If there was such as thing as the ever present now moment, an eternal moment that was in a sense always the beginning of time and always the end of time, that moment would be like a wave of almost infinite area, but in exchange for having massive area it would be mostly devoid of recognizable features, it would be a void of space in aggregate, because of the relationship between magnitude & frequency in this fractal cosmos.
  627:   1095:   308:   119: It's when it's or when it's decaying, it is cycling through the same sort of fractal pattern from the large scale, when it peaks to increasingly smaller scales that signal. It is shrinking. In magnitude shrinking, an amplification and frequency. But maintaining its shape is this until it dissipates.
  628:   1096:   475:    7: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms
  629:   1097:   509:   44: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms
  633:   1113:   7: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms
  637:   1125:    44: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms
  641:   1137:   52: 16. I applied Buzsáki's work to Steven Strogatz (in the book Sync) work to connect Oscillations brainwaves at EEG scale to phase variation produced oscillations at the neuronal scale & neurotransmitter scale, and unified neural firing with brainwave firing via the hypothesis that magnitude is inverted to frequency at all scales of the universe, including at the scale of individual neuron action potential firing & at the scale of brainwaves from cortical columns or oscillating groups of cells. https://github.com/v5ma/selfawarenetworks/blob/e84c247b5a9a0f1d24bb41048368e1eba032c1a1/a0079z.md
  645:    77:   16: Mass is the Magnitude of many volumetric frequencies (particles) oscillating together. With the inverse relationship between magnitude & frequency defining spacetime at all scales, from galaxies, to EEG powerbands, to nmda spikes & soma bursts, to particles.
  649:   163:   5: My guess is that a particle/wave is like a phase variance from the fabric of oscillating spacetime. In otherwords if spacetime had a default wave pattern, a particle exists as a difference from the spacetime wave pattern in terms of a change in its frequency / magnitude ratio or from another perspective a change in its velocity / mass ratio
  650:   164:   7: as the particle/wave increases in magnitude / mass it decreases in frequency / speed. As it increases in speed / frequency it decreases in mass / magnitude
  654:   168:   68: but then we need to quantify how the density of atoms in some volume of space corresponds to the magnitude of time dilation from a given mass.
  658:   204:   24: With Time Dilation time is slowest at the center of the gravitational mass where the frequency of mass or in other words where the density of mass is the highest. (evoking a reference to the inverted relationship between magnitude (space time amplitude) / frequency of mass (the density of mass)
  662:   263:   23: If there was such as thing as the ever present now moment, an eternal moment that was in a sense always the beginning of time and always the end of time, that moment would be like a wave of almost infinite area, but in exchange for having massive area it would be mostly devoid of recognizable features, it would be a void of space in aggregate, because of the relationship between magnitude & frequency in this fractal cosmos.
  666:   298:   11: mass has spatial magnitude your brain is both setup to make and consider the spatial magnitude of action potentials in addition to their frequency
  667:   299:   15: both the mass/energy or magnitude/frequency or amplitude/pitch or weight/occurance rate
  671:   679:   139:   23: If there was such as thing as the ever present now moment, an eternal moment that was in a sense always the beginning of time and always the end of time, that moment would be like a wave of almost infinite area, but in exchange for having massive area it would be mostly devoid of recognizable features, it would be a void of space in aggregate, because of the relationship between magnitude & frequency in this fractal cosmos.
  676:   45: b0004y "The biggest failure in the entire history of neuroscience is that we have been using the term amplitude instead of the term magnitude to model the action potential."
  681:   7: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms
  686:   44: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms
  691:   45: 13. I built my own model of a neuron that combines Hodgkin & Huxley with Soliton Wave Theory, with Thermodynamics, and the model explains how the quantity of neurotransmitter release is affected by the magnitude of the action potential via it's duration (calcium channels open longer) which counteracts the notion that an action potential is all or nothing event, otherwise described as synaptic unreliability (an idea that led to the artificial perceptron, a flawed concept which is still used today in modern deep neural networks) 
  695:   52: 16. I applied Buzsáki's work to Steven Strogatz (in the book Sync) work to connect Oscillations brainwaves at EEG scale to phase variation produced oscillations at the neuronal scale & neurotransmitter scale, and unified neural firing with brainwave firing via the hypothesis that magnitude is inverted to frequency at all scales of the universe, including at the scale of individual neuron action potential firing & at the scale of brainwaves from cortical columns or oscillating groups of cells. https://github.com/v5ma/selfawarenetworks/blob/e84c247b5a9a0f1d24bb41048368e1eba032c1a1/a0079z.md

map.mass.md:
   77:   16: Mass is the Magnitude of many volumetric frequencies (particles) oscillating together. With the inverse relationship between magnitude & frequency defining spacetime at all scales, from galaxies, to EEG powerbands, to nmda spikes & soma bursts, to particles.
  163:   5: My guess is that a particle/wave is like a phase variance from the fabric of oscillating spacetime. In otherwords if spacetime had a default wave pattern, a particle exists as a difference from the spacetime wave pattern in terms of a change in its frequency / magnitude ratio or from another perspective a change in its velocity / mass ratio
  164:   7: as the particle/wave increases in magnitude / mass it decreases in frequency / speed. As it increases in speed / frequency it decreases in mass / magnitude
  168:   68: but then we need to quantify how the density of atoms in some volume of space corresponds to the magnitude of time dilation from a given mass.
  204:   24: With Time Dilation time is slowest at the center of the gravitational mass where the frequency of mass or in other words where the density of mass is the highest. (evoking a reference to the inverted relationship between magnitude (space time amplitude) / frequency of mass (the density of mass)
  263:   23: If there was such as thing as the ever present now moment, an eternal moment that was in a sense always the beginning of time and always the end of time, that moment would be like a wave of almost infinite area, but in exchange for having massive area it would be mostly devoid of recognizable features, it would be a void of space in aggregate, because of the relationship between magnitude & frequency in this fractal cosmos.
  298:   11: mass has spatial magnitude your brain is both setup to make and consider the spatial magnitude of action potentials in addition to their frequency
  299:   15: both the mass/energy or magnitude/frequency or amplitude/pitch or weight/occurance rate
  679:   139:   23: If there was such as thing as the ever present now moment, an eternal moment that was in a sense always the beginning of time and always the end of time, that moment would be like a wave of almost infinite area, but in exchange for having massive area it would be mostly devoid of recognizable features, it would be a void of space in aggregate, because of the relationship between magnitude & frequency in this fractal cosmos.

map.napot.md:
  45: b0004y "The biggest failure in the entire history of neuroscience is that we have been using the term amplitude instead of the term magnitude to model the action potential."

map.start.intro.fractal.md:
  7: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms

map.wiki.home.md:
  44: Fractals.Physics 1/F Magnitude/Frequency EEG to Spacetime to life to atoms

README.md:
  45: 13. I built my own model of a neuron that combines Hodgkin & Huxley with Soliton Wave Theory, with Thermodynamics, and the model explains how the quantity of neurotransmitter release is affected by the magnitude of the action potential via it's duration (calcium channels open longer) which counteracts the notion that an action potential is all or nothing event, otherwise described as synaptic unreliability (an idea that led to the artificial perceptron, a flawed concept which is still used today in modern deep neural networks) 
  52: 16. I applied Buzsáki's work to Steven Strogatz (in the book Sync) work to connect Oscillations brainwaves at EEG scale to phase variation produced oscillations at the neuronal scale & neurotransmitter scale, and unified neural firing with brainwave firing via the hypothesis that magnitude is inverted to frequency at all scales of the universe, including at the scale of individual neuron action potential firing & at the scale of brainwaves from cortical columns or oscillating groups of cells. https://github.com/v5ma/selfawarenetworks/blob/e84c247b5a9a0f1d24bb41048368e1eba032c1a1/a0079z.md
