(DO NOT EDIT, THIS IS A BACKUP ONLY, EDIT THE CORRESPONDING WIKIPAGE INSTEAD)
Each map page is a time-stamped copy of a wikipage. The wiki pages ought to be time stamped but I have not yet discovered where it can be shown.

a0001z.md:
  28: (Saving this next article below for an attention schema (Gazzaniga) map)
  38: (oscillat, synap) map: synapse configuration, SDR, Oscillator, internal recognition
  48: Essentially the computer can do neural imaging tomography to create a 3D map of the oscillating structure of the human mind, predicting the entire oscillating structure with neural oscillation tomography.
  52: I think people think that the oscillations are just about timing your responses, or the temporal cadence of your thoughts, but I'm suggesting that the timing is shaping the internal representation, so that the map of reality is rendered just in time with muscle coordination speed.
  60: You, the rendering, and it, the chemical structure oscillating with the phase field of space are sharing each interval of the moment that is being rendered as the organism's map of reality. You, the virtual entity of information existing as phases (frequencies) are sharing this moment with your saltwater, protein, chemical body, like two halves of one oscillating nexus.

a0003z.md:
  38: Awareness is not independent from your brain and body, but it might be conceptually valid to say that as a concept "awareness" does not have specific location in space, time, name, identity, or history. However this is as a conceptual model of awareness, a map of reality, this map is not the territory it's just a conceptual map of the territory.

a0005z.md:
  21: I skimmed the article a little bit. Confidentially what I am writing about in my book is how the brains molecular structure creates conscious maps of reality with frequencies, the frequencies interact with each other, but the same molecular structure that produced these frequencies is required to experience these frequencies. I am going to show from atoms to organs, from electrons to neural circuits, how consciousness works. but NDE Near Death Experiences I think have to be compared to DMT experiences, I think, in terms of thalamic bridge modulations, or in other words both NDE and DMT are taking place inside the human brain the entire time, even if we are experiencing leaving our body or traveling to other realms of existence
  34: The oscillator is a photocopier because its pattern is defined by action potentials decay rate setting the phase of inhibition for large groups of neurons, who are expecting to fire because of the signals they are getting from that neuron that fired, but since different neurons have different voltages they end up firing in sequences, so neural oscillators have temporal sequences that adhere to or map to novel neural phasic firing, this takes a small pattern and it magnifies it so it can be seen by another layer of neurons, and the output of cortical columns might be seen by the thalamus which is constructing patterns via the same method outline above 

a0008z.md:
  75: Neurons are really not that simple, let me show you a video http://www.ted.com/talks/allan_jones_a_map_of_the_brain.html
  77: Allan Jones: A map of the brain | Video on TED.com

a0010z.md:
  60: This book is about starting a conversation not ending them, I wanted these to be in print however before I began to distribute them. In part because I want to make it easier for other people to reference all the ideas for discussion, and learn about adjacent ideas, to save myself time from creating a new map for each person one at a time.
  62: The book is a map between ideas across books, papers, videos, but also its a book about ideas across industries from the fields of neuroscience, neurology, neurophysics, computational biology, deep learning.

a0011z.md:
  54: Add to Synaptic Unreliability note map
  58: The relationship between the electron and the magnetic field might be similar to the relationship between earth and its gravity/time dilation field. Explore & research the analogy further, add to the Gravity note map.

a0023z.md:
   6: The brain is wired in an interconnected grid. Connections at grid crossings are established by learning and signal flow through the connections are in the form of directed graphs. Matrix mathematics, used for representing equations, can be mapped to directed graph geometry. Therefore, the directed graphs in the brain are set up for complex mathematical formulas that reflect the real world. As such the brain and mind is an ever-evolving information set that mirrors the needs of life in an ever-changing environment (both natural and human-made).
  94: http://www.brainmapping.org/NITP/images/Summer2012Slides/NotSoTangledSM.pdf

a0026z.md:
   8: I see neuroscience as being primarily concerned with discovering neuroanatomy, such as mapping the connectome, the major brain regions.
  10: I see computational (neuro)biology as being concerned with mapping functional connectivity, ie how information might be distributed and how it might flow in the brain.

a0030z.md:
   1: a0030z ctpr (map)
   3: This map needs to be completely redone, but this was one of the ideas for how to organize the notes into the book. I do not yet know how to fix the formatting on github, but what I might do is provide a link to a Google Doc that contains a link back to the github so the back up is on Github the formatted version is on Google Docs.
  22: a0330z Map: Peter Tse, criterial causation 
  76: a0000z (cascade, map)
  90: a0000z (Optogenetics, Map)

a0038z.md:
  505: Our application domain is not the game of chess, or the the domain of a self driving car or chatbots. So our models are not of chess boards, or of street maps, or conversation topics.
  507: For AGI, the problem domain is a reward maximising real time, sensory-motor reaction agent. The internal models we need to build for a machine that operates in this domain is one of sensorimotor value maps. For each sensory-motor mapping we must model the expected long term reward produced by that mapping. It's a very simple, and a very generic type of model, but it's definitely a application SPECIFIC model, that FITS THE SPECIFIC APPLICATION we are working on.
  521: This is what we are are doing with AGI as well. We are replacing a thousand complex models for chess playing, and car driving and chatboting , with one simplified solution that does it all. But it's still a system that uses models, even if the model is v where v is a real number that models that expected long term reward of a sensory-motor mapping (aka state action Q value).
  596: I can build a robot designed to wander around a room. I can hard code the map of the room into the software. I can create some really fancy 2D localization sensors that tells the software exactly where the robot is on the map at any instant. I can then write planing software that allow the robot to plot a course from it's current location, to any new location I want it to travel to. I can test the performance of he motors and drive system so that I can now exactly how the robot will respond to commands to move forward at different speeds. I have built the entire model of the environment into the robot, so the software has no need to learn any part of the model on it's own.
  600: I can replace the highly accurate 2D location sensors, with far less accurate sonar range finding sensors, and bump sensors and write even fancier learning algorithms so the software can learn to estimate the location of the robot on the map at any point in time, instead of having to be told it's location. That way, more of the state model of the environment is learned, instead of hardwired into the system.
  602: I can take out the map entirely, and write fancy learning algorithms that allow the robot to build it's own map of the environment as it explores the rooms in the building. So now it's building it's own maps, and it's own location understanding from the sensory data.
  643: My Substrate contains Models of Saliency, Abstraction, Reduction, Success, Failure, Prediction. It has a trivial input mechanism that doesn't do Model based preprocessing although I am not negative to those in cases like computer vision. But none of the things I Model are problem domain specific. My systems would learn from video cameras that provided a map of color pixels that changed over time. No furter preprocessing would be required.
  706: But that's not true because we are still domain limited machines. There are real limits to what a human can understand and what sort of problems they can solve on their own without the help of "thinking machine" doing the work for them. Multiple math proofs have now been created by getting a computer to do the work for us -- because the problem is too large and complex for any single human to solve it. Like the 4 color map theorem.
  811: One of the greatest challenges in neuroscience is to identify the map of synaptic connections between neurons. Called the “connectome,” it is the holy grail that will explain how information flows in the brain. In a landmark paper, published the week of 17th of September in PNAS, the EPFL’s Blue Bra…

a0039z.md:
  57: the attention schema both defines which areas of your mental map your are seeing, but it also binds those areas together in sequences that your brain tracks with neurotransmitters and senses with corresponding soliton mechanical sound waves and soliton electrical waves felt by each neuron,
  58: other neurons are able to track the phase changes happening to other neurons whether they are speeding up or slowing down, and long changes of these detects are mapped by many neurons or entire neural circuits simultaneously because exit terminals branch radially in every possible direction they can go.
  60: If you invert the map from its branching structure to a graph with each node plotted on the outside of a circle and their random initial connections mapped as lines inbetween nodes then you can just imagine that the lateral neural circuit as represented by v1, v2, v4 and the horizontal neural circuit represented by cortical columns are going to be collectively doing a sort of topography on incoming sensory patterns to deduce how doverse multisensory features of a concept are connected at high levels, this allows the brain's graph to build complex representations that the attention schema  of circuit activity binds in temporal & spatial firing patterns of phase differentials.

a0040z.md:
  17: Category theory could be ideal for mapping the bizzare domains of reality such as communication patterns between cells, atoms, brain activity, and fluid mechanics because without precise knowledge of the contents of each node that we are attempting to graph we need to be able to have useful rules for mapping some level of abstraction to help discover the conditions & boundaries abstract relationships between invisible functions.

a0052z.md:
  9: I love describing neuro-anatomy in differential calculus for all the ordinary people I meet everyday. I like the sense of other people, especially happiness, love, friendship, kindness, connection. I like the sense of words, concepts, concept maps, mind maps, uniting the flickering of dendrites firing action potentials and neurotransmitters backwards into a synapse, a massive expansion of complexity missed by the early Artifical Neural Network ie Artificial Intelligence oversimplification of what neurons do. I love the sense of discovery, especially discovering something new that changes my world view. I love the sense of gratitude and humility for all the wonderful people I am privileged to be connected to. :) I love the sense of participating, and sharing in a conversation or dialog, to appreciate an important part of what makes us human, our sense of the world from all of our senses :)  

a0061z.md:
  3: ⟪ 382 characters skipped ⟫ what is real and separates it from illusions, with neurons binding information together at lower levels but also in every direction no matter which direction information is received from, eventually mapping their own signal environments to the degree that an oscillator of neurons can invariantly represent any learned pattern with any neurons that are in that oscillator.

a0067z.md:
  21: https://mouse.brain-map.org/ (Scott Rich/ @RichCompNeuro)

a0072z.md:
  50: we are not talking about a leap from intellectual understanding to actual experience, first of all there is no such line, that's imaginary, there is no real distinction between intellectual understanding and actual experience, try to find that line in your direct experience, you can't. Second I'm all over the map in both on that one, this is both my direct experience and my intellectual understanding

a0074z.md:
  18: Felix Lanzalaco Ok, yes category theory predicts that there is a category group SST, which maps on to the domain of normal subjects. A subset of SST has a Forgetful functor which co-limits a Pre-Abelian category ...

a0086z.md:
    7: I like how in AN model, intuition is the emergent result from points plotted in a vector tree map that you can describe in category theory. I think she describes it in C and or Java, but I think it lacks the fluidity that could happen in a functional language like Haskell. Where node memories can create vector memories and The model free nature means that the concept is the memory of the tree's reaction in a sense. With Haskell and an 80 core processor one could have each node in the tree creating emergent vector maps with the other activated nodes independent of a centralized process.
  126:   addedto:mindmap:Neo_Mind_Cycle, neomindcycle

a0087z.md:
   25: The multi-level mindmap / outline has gone through several different drafts and continues to develop (and will continue to develop until the publication date.)
  153: So if it turns out that I am not correct about some of the key components of how the human brain works the book should still have a lot of value to offer the interested reader in terms of the information it brings together, all the references, the links & analogies I make between different topics in different industries, and the mapping of major research efforts, major companies, major articles, major books, major new emerging technologies, and so on with my notes on all of that.

a0091z.md:
  147: ah okay so how do they "map" each thought to a set of values picked up by the eeg sensor
  756: hey man i was wondering if youd know if i could find an algorithm for dimensional analysis if i can provide a cipher key between my input maps. im working on nasas x-hab project and am close to finishing my designs for a device which can scan map entire planets and record all dimensional activity occuring on the planet and im working on adding multilayering for sub terrain scans etc
  896: Well the way it would work is you would have a classical system feeding the quantum system, that's how it works now, so basically the classical system would index all the data, like a search engine indexing websites, and then in one swoop the quantum machine would construct all the indexed data into a topological map of linked patterns that map all the events with spatial topography enhanced for those things that are of greatest interest. It would be like combining a search program with a statistical relationship mapper.

a0093z.md:
  21: "Mind is a dynamic[non-volatile flash] memory of conformal mapping of command| inference outputs, arranged in statistical grading order" via Hayagreeva Acharla 
  27: "Here again not yet disproved submission, Mind: Mind is a dynamic[non-volatile flash] memory of conformal mapping of command| inference outputs, arranged in statistical grading order, over concomitant information inputs; information: scratch pad volatile memory of statistically recognised patterns in concomitant data inputs " via Hayagreeva Acharla

a0095z.md:
  24: "Mind is a dynamic[non-volatile flash] memory of conformal mapping of command| inference outputs, arranged in statistical grading order" via Hayagreeva Acharla 
  30: "Here again not yet disproved submission, Mind: Mind is a dynamic[non-volatile flash] memory of conformal mapping of command| inference outputs, arranged in statistical grading order, over concomitant information inputs; information: scratch pad volatile memory of statistically recognised patterns in concomitant data inputs " via Hayagreeva Acharla

a0110z.md:
  1: Reference Yann LeCun's Talk on youtube: "A Path Towards Autonomous AI" On the visual map that associates roles with different regions of the brain:
  5: Mapping those roles to large regions of the brain is, I think, an outdated idea in neuroscience. The new thinking is that every part of the brain is doing a little bit of everything, at all scales. The brain is self similar everywhere (Jeff Hawkins talks about the self similarity of the neocortex, and the similarity of the Hippocampus to a cortical column) tiny learned custom variations in each part of the brain will serve to generate a natural VAE Variational Autoencoder effect for comparing learned patterns in one modality to same or similar patterns encoded in a different modality.
  7: Applying a region based map of brain roles to the brain could be what György Buzsáki calls the Brain from Outside In (matching observation to a concept instead of creating a new concept from observation.) György Buzsáki's book "The Brain from Inside Out" contradicts the typical "Outside-In" process of applying our models to the brain, instead of creating models from the brain.

a0111z.md:
  25: Defective synaptic plasticity in a model of Coffin-Lowry Syndrome is rescued by simultaneously targeting PKA and MAPK pathways

a0115z.md:
   44: # Add to Cosmos Fractal Map
  123: the TMS-EEG recordings are an example of artificial stimulus recording that is creating an image map from the brains responses, but with neural oscillation tomography we know that we are looking to reconstruct the synaptic structure at each moment in time by inference

a0121z.md:
  93: ⟪ 289 characters skipped ⟫ong term, without question, which was something I didn't expect. This entire time I have only really been interested in the exotic possibilities, meaning I was thinking about using this to accurately map brain activity in real time in a computer. Now that I understand how it actually works I'm simultaneously encouraged and daunted by the task ahead of me in that regard, but I'm also heartened by the accessibility of this new hardware for developers making arguably more simple AR and VR applications.

a0122z.md:
  5: I want to smash together the meaning of the word hallucinate with holographic simulation. I want to say it arises from unique oscillation patterns. The patterns are formulated by Hebbian learning, then when they are activated they glow (glow, meaning the oscillations are so persistent they become hallucinated vectors, lines, sounds and a whole world) in our minds, and other Hebbian learning patterns map them and knit together all the first level oscillations into larger brainwaves. These brainwaves look like a fast moving electrical storm, but together they knit the canvas of conscious experience.
  8: A brain is making a map of its own electric ossilations and chemical reactions. Synchronicity is not just electric, its chemical, we feel it and know it because the map of feeling is synchronized with the map of knowing and the map of hearing, wording, biking, seeing, smelling, legging, handing, breathing. All the maps in the mind, of your hand and face and the cheese you ate, the people you were looking at earlier, they are all connected, and then another Hebbian map connects it all again.

a0126z.md:
  14: ⟪ 1015 characters skipped ⟫ion in that room, and they would change a lot, because they represent temporary patterns that are mostly driven by perception or your incoming sense, while the higher layer or grid cell maintains the map, and its firing is a lot more stable, this grid cell place cell interplay is something you can imagine as you walk about an outdoor location or an indoor location, the place changes slowly if you are walking, but your head position & orientation are sending much newer updates to the bottom of your cortex where the sensory input comes in. The idea is that each thing in your environment is represented by a cortical column, and you might also have multiple cortical columns across each region of the neo-cortex creating their own representation of whatever you are focused on. So cortical columns in the auditory cortex are going to model the acousitic representations of the object you are focusing on, the visual cortex will render or model visual representations of the object you are focused on, and the somatosensory cortex will model the mechanical vibrations of touch, taste, and what you can sense inside your body. All of these areas are fed information from thalamic nuclei that are co

a0127z.md:
  19: Research that maps the morphology + transmitter types to the cell & organisms behaviors or function is one part of accomplishing this, the research on AI protein folding is an example of part of the work we need to accomplish

a0139z.md:
  34: Micah Blumberg But if you stab a rock, it's not the same feeling as when you prick your finger. So in a sense your finger is more you than a rock. Yet you could lose a limb, and get an artificial replacement, and your plastic brain, with the right neuro-plastic treatment, can remap itself, to treat the artificial limb as if it were it's real limb. The brain is not completely dependent on the body, you could conceivably create an artificial body, the perfect artificial ecosystem for the brain, and the brain would adapt to, to control it, to become that new body, your new mechanical self. The components of the brain itself, the cells, the proteins, the particulars, the myelinated axons, the glial cell waste removal system, the microtubules, the camkii2, the branches of dendrites and synapses, serve as hardware for memory and concept formation, predictions of causes, derived from sequences of patterns, from chains of data, that comes in from the senses, and the brain itself, in any particular part, is just a system of cells, a cooperation of rivals, working together to feed, it's a hungry glucose and nutrient driven system, the hungriest organ in the body, but the result, is the coordination of a body, including your fingers, and your voice muscles, for communic

a0142z.md:
  36: I like to think of the oscillator as an Expert Data Structure (Instead of an advanced data structure) because its creating its own paper for which it can measure incoming signals against as deviations, allowing the system to collaborate as knowledge gaining system, mapping a dimension or a movie frame of consciousness.

a0149z.md:
  16: ⟪ 358 characters skipped ⟫a curve, if there is a curve, emerges, sort of like a continuous function being learned by a Universal Approximation Theorem, except that in this case the neural firing sequence is able to physically map to contours of learned 3D visual representations, but the same geometric learning process could be at work for all the other senses, and that might explain why we can think of our other sensory representations as having spatial & time characteristics or characteristics that change over time and area. Such as feelings that have a start, a peak, a low, an end, feelings that start in our feet, chest, neck, head, or some other space that we can describe to others.

a0150z.md:
  138: Black Square Radek Stupak Nah, it ain't. You need syntactic forms and mappings onto semantics. Music doesn't really work like that.

a0165z.md:
   6: Its as if the brain builds a map of everything it senses, including its own body, so your name is associated with an internal map, that is associated with a voice that is associated with motor controls, that why when someone calls your name your body responds, so there is a map which is kind of like an avatar of self, the thoughts you have are effecting the actual hardware of your body all the time, and they are effected by everything else as well, but they are yours just because those a variables in your map and your brain is writing maps all the time.
  30: I am not saying that you control your choice, it might be an automatic reaction, but you, and choices, are part of the map of reality that your brain uses to coordinate, to increase the chances of a successful result, because it has evolved to increase the chances of a successful result, by doing all sorts of amazing things, like considering it's own choices, sure it might be deterministic probability on another level, but that doesn't mean it's not useful.
  53: Its as if the brain builds a map of everything it senses, including its own body, so your name is associated with an internal map, that is associated with a voice that is associated with motor controls, that why when someone calls your name your body responds, so there is a map which is kind of like an avatar of self, the thoughts you have are effecting the actual hardware of your body all the time, and they are effected by everything else as well, but they are yours just because those a variables in your map and your brain is writing maps all the time.
  81: I am not saying that you control your choice, it might be an automatic reaction, but you, and choices, are part of the map of reality that your brain uses to coordinate, to increase the chances of a successful result, because it has evolved to increase the chances of a successful result, by doing all sorts of amazing things, like considering it's own choices, sure it might be deterministic probability on another level, but that doesn't mean it's not useful.
  84: Maybe we all have no real choice, and at the same time, choice as in the probability that must be decided, regarding what we do next, is part of the map of reality. The organism must choose, the program is shaped by evolution in some sense is it not? So when we talk about choice, maybe it means something different then we think, maybe it means something neurological. Some people may feel like they have less choice, or less self control, or less ability to do things they want to do because of a situation regarding other people, or a situation regarding an diagnosis learning disability, or because of an illness.

a0172z.md:
   4: Introducting the Fourier Neural Operator: They made neural networks more efficient at solving partial differential equations. It learns to map function spaces the result is a neural network that is more finely grained in its learning resolution compared to mapping vector spaces (the x, y, and z)
  10: The human brains 3D tempo-spatial phase-field learning neural network is likely also learning resolution invariant & scale invariant patterns, that map not just topological vector spaces but also map functions.
  12: When I think about mapping functions I also think of category theory, A -> B is a map of how A transforms into B, the function is the isomorphic operation between A and B that transforms one into the other.
  16: Function mapping with Neural Tomography

a0198z.md:
  21: # New Targets for Treating Parkinson’s Disease Discovered (add to the research map on Neurodegenerative Disease)
  24: # How to make spatial maps of gene activity — down to the cellular level (important for solving Neurodegenerative Diseases)
  44: Relevant to the research map on "The Flow of Information in the Brain"
  56: # New Map of Meaning in the Brain Changes Ideas About Memory

a0209z.md:
  115: “I’m not a Functionalist exactly but close. The state of knowledge is going be directly related to its function. The parameters of the frequency and spatial mapping of information in a mind are going to effect the functionality of it, and that includes the internal functions of internal representations.”

a0210z.md:
  72: We will begin to map the information channels like never before, using a computer to model the network of information throughout the nervous system, from the fingers, to the toes to the brain to the eyes, to voice, to the ears. To how we listen and see, to understanding how the metaphors of smell are encoded digitally in networks of neurons.

a0214z.md:
  151: The Scan Truck approach, that you can see in the video, involves using an array of cameras to capture high resolution images of a person from every angle, to turn that into a 3D avatar, and then to record that person’s facial expressions with a camera mounted in front of that person’s face. The motion capture is mapped to the high resolution model resulting in an incredible leap forward for volumetric characters.
  352: Since some of Facebook’s servers are located inside the United States we can logically deduce from facts, including many news reports, that the US Government is using Facebook messenger to spy on other countries and also all Americans who have conversations with people who live in other countries which is almost all Americans. The US Government can then map and study the relationships of all these Facebook friendships, and they have the option to study your private conversations with the aid of computer automation and analysis tools.
  440: Digitalax only accepts $MONA for payment (in auctions and instant buy collections (Exclusive, Semi-Rare and Common)). However $MONA ERC-20 can be mapped from Ethereum to Polygon and back again.
  619: Plasmapay: DeFi for The Masses
  620: “Consider PlasmaPay for example — a digital payments company that has optimized the fiat-crypto-fiat conversion process for millions of people from over 165 countries. The PlasmaPay app lets users purchase digital assets with virtually any Visa/MC card. In other words, you could deposit money from your bank account and instantly spend.”
  622: PPAY (PlasmaPay): DeFi For The Masses
  624: plasmapay.com

a0220z.md:
  315: “Deep neural networks have made good progress in 3D shape reconstruction owing to their powerful ability to extract priors from big data [18, 15, 21, 9, 6, 27, 12]. However, high-resolution 3D shape reconstruction is still challenging due to the cubic growth of computational cost.” (…) “The thickness map is the 2D spatial projection of the 3D shape, which is easily predicted from the input image by a general convolutional neural network.” (…) “We have exploited the Fourier projection slice theorem and introduced the 2D thickness map which can reduce the domain gap between the input image and 2D slices. A deep network was built to predict the thickness map from the input image by exploiting the edge and silhouette constraints. This network allows us to predict fine details (edges) and global shape (silhouettes) of thickness map separately from the input image, which allows a more accuracy reconstruction result.” https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/papers/Shen_3D_Shape_Reconstruction_From_Images_in_the_Frequency_Domain_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf?fbclid=IwAR32vXasRpZ3yWNs4TkKW5nxuL_FDMx90iho3bUFJXIvXldJtkCSt5dNHuU

a0227z.md:
  28: I think the obvious question here is well what about the synapse? What about dendritic computation, how are we going to monitor and understand what’s going on at that level? She does not address that particular topic in the videos I selected for this article but she does mention that trying to map what ‘all' the synapses are doing is going to take a lot more time than trying to accomplish the goal of establishing organic communication at the neuronal level with machines.

a0238z.md:
  30: (A Potassium & Calcium study for the Synaptic Unreliability article & The Flow of Information in the Brain map)
  56: # Regarding the brain maps from "The Highest of the Mountains" 
  57: These brain maps are really great work, reflective of a lot of research in Neuroscience, but they are also incorrect in many ways. I recommend looking at the work anyways. It's well done.
  58: https://thehighestofthemountains.com/brainmaps.html
  60: If you read the book "A Thousand Brains by Jeff Hawkins" you realize that motor control isn't happening in one region of the brain it's happening in every cortical column across the entire brain. That's just one way that this map is actually incorrect.

a0239z.md:
  19: Individuality is a concept, like the observer, its a distinction, from dualism, dualism is in some sense artificial, its the map of reality, but it isn't reality, it's not the territory. Individuality as a concept is not a complete illusion, but its also not completely real. Without the mind, there would be no such artificial concept as an individual, or an observer, but these concepts 'do not' have to have an objectively real reality to be useful. knowing that the observer is not really real, and knowing that the individual is not really real means that these concepts are no longer able to serve as the emperor's false clothing. The naked self cannot be clothed by any concept. You are not that.
  21: your not the artificial map of reality that describes what you are, your more than your mind will ever know, but see that is a trick, because it is the mind that forms a model of the mind and the world around the mind, the world around the mind is a prediction in the mind, and yet the real you is the real cosmos outside the mind, this is very tricky to understand
  42: ⟪ 1251 characters skipped ⟫e mathematical calculation. So you are not your brain, and yet all that you know about your real self is from a model in your brain. A model that is wholly informed by you, always being an incomplete map of you, never the whole reality of how amazing you are.
  65: the whole cosmos that you know, that you think is outside you, is actually a model of the cosmos, a spatial/temporal (space/time) metaphor, a prediction of the world, a map of reality, but not the actual territory of the world.

a0257z.md:
  13: ⟪ 342 characters skipped ⟫ AVs during the DARPA Grand Challenge in 2008. In the decade since, LiDAR has occupied a “must have” status by a majority of automotive OEMs for ADAS, and AV driving stack companies for localization, mapping and Level 4 autonomous driving. Tesla TSLA +3.4% and some others believe that LiDAR is not required for ADAS and AVs - their approach is to use monovision cameras to extract 3D information through artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques. While intriguing, such approaches are in the minority and are yet to be validated in real life environments.
  35: Factory automation is exciting - but how about space debris mapping? This sounds a bit, well, spacey, but it is a real problem considering that we have been sending people and equipment into space since the 1960s. There are ~1M estimated pieces of human-created debris in space, in sizes ranging from 1 cm to several meters. These continue to multiply as collisions occur, creating what is known as the Kessler Syndrome which posits that “the density of objects in low Earth orbit (LEO) due to space pollution is high enough that collisions between objects could cause a cascade in which each collision generates space debris that increases the likelihood of further collisions.” Currently, only about 5% of the ~1M debris objects are mapped and tracked. The implications of this are immense since it constrains the launch of future vehicles (imagine space tourism and billionaires sipping cocktails in a hail of debris!) for various space exploration efforts.
  37: Digantara is an Indian company focused on space debris mapping (Disclosure: I am an advisor). The company was started in 2018 by a team of engineers/entrepreneurs to create solutions to the space debris mapping problem. They were invited to present their business plan at the prestigious 2019 International Astronautical Federation (IAF) start-up pitch event in Washington D.C. This won them accolades, and more importantly funding. Digantara’s data products will prove invaluable for trajectory planning for future space launches, predicting when collisions are likely to occur, updating the debris maps and providing input to companies as they tackle the problem of space debris removal. The Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO), a leading global space agency, provides grants, advise and technical support to the company.
  39: Current methods for space debris mapping are ground based, and use a combination of radar and 2d optical telescopes. The mapping is constrained by weather conditions, as well as lighting (cannot map during the day because of solar noise and at night because of lack of illumination). Short range mapping occurs with radar whereas the telescopes can only image at very long range due to the long integration times involved. Orbital mechanics principles and models are used to extract 3D data from from the 2D imagery, although these extrapolations suffer from from fidelity and precision issues. Atmospheric distortion further complicates the problem, with the result that earth based systems are unable to map objects less than 10 cm in diameter reliably and accurately. According to Digantara’s Chief Technical Officer, Tanveer Ahmed; “Digantara solves this problem by using LiDARs mounted on a constellation of CubeSats (small satellites, roughly shoebox size, with a 10 kg load carrying capacity). The use of active 3D imaging to obtain range information in addition to x-y location is a must - since passive imaging of fast moving objects at close ranges would require very large integration times, making the measurement useless. Additionally, LiDAR allows us to control the illumination period and wavelength, enabling significantly higher duty cycles of the mapping system. 3D Imaging in space allows for significantly higher signal-to noise (SNR) performance because of an absence of atmospheric losses and non-linear signal distortions”. The LiDAR is capable of imaging >1 cm size objects moving at speeds of up to 10 km/s at range of 100 km. Data compression occurs in the CubeSat prior to a RF based downlink to earth for further processing. A schematic of the Digantara system is shown in Figure 3.
  47: ⟪ 263 characters skipped ⟫Emitting Laser, SPAD = Single Photon Avalanche Detector) LiDAR in the recent iPad and iPhone generations. Other phone manufacturers have followed suit, since apart from the usual photography and room mapping applications, augmented reality (AR) applications are exploding in diverse areas like gaming and industrial productivity.
  61: Immersive gaming and application experience through precise room mapping, surface detection, and occlusion
  75: Smart phones started the revolution by integrating location information with ride sharing services like Uber and Lyft. Smart glasses are the next frontier in driving new networked applications that fuse stored knowledge with 3D locational and visual data. According to Mr. Spiliotis, “the goal is to connect the real world to the digital world, with 3D vision and maps. Integration of LiDAR with 3D sensing capability in the next generation of smart glasses will enable significant applications ”. In addition to the example illustrated in Figure 5, these include:
  81: Oil and gas: Differential Absorption LiDAR (DIAL) is a method of oil and gas exploration. In addition to being used to detect gas and particles, LiDAR mapping also provides an accurate 3D model of the terrain, minimizing the project’s environmental impact. This could be a beneficial tool used in oil rigs around the world.

a0279z.md:
  4: Nick, his map of arrows represented by synapses

a0284z.md:
  27: ⟪ 500 characters skipped ⟫thoughts feelings, emotions, big picture predictions or visions are effecting the light and sound 9. you begin to control the light and sound consciously, and through doing that you begin to create a map of associations, neurons firing together wiring together regions of your mind involved in choosing your innerstate, your feelings, your emotions, what you focus on, your big picture predictions, you are realizing how everything you feel and think about is connected to your neurophysiology, you are becoming conscious of your brainwaves, brain self-awareness is increasing, and all the new connections mean more self coordination, improved neuroplasticity, which is your ability to flexibly react to whatever happens in life, more creativity, more great ideas, more great success's, more long term happiness increases! 10. So measuring your brainwaves is a small but important part of the process, its a key part of what makes this a "mind cycle" or "mind loop"

a0286z.md:
  9: ⟪ 504 characters skipped ⟫ce and 1 of time) soliton wave form that neurons on the receiving end will use to compile their own picture or potentially a 4 dimensional pattern representation of what signals were transmitted that maps, correlates,  crafts, produces and transmits more such combinations of soliton wave transmissions. If this is true then a neural firing sequence in the auditory cortex could represent a musical note at each interval, or at the firing of each neuron, that is then detected or observed by

a0291z.md:
   14:     - leverage Morgan's experience in terms of whole brain conductivity mapping EIT for transcranial deep brain electrical stimulation and high resolution EEG that's your sensing system, and your injection system. You need to do the conductivity mapping. You need to be injecting current at different locations and have them temporarily super imposed deep in the brain.
   31:       - Multi-dimensional representation that maps to a set of a smaller set of cognitive bias
  102:         - It's built on a couple key pillars. Like high density electro (down the road magnetic also) imaging, whole brain computational modelling, cellular level model of psychiatric states and pharmalogical interactions, and mapping neurotransmitter effects during sleep cycles? what is our deliverable? what we are hoping to offer people? What our value proposition, individuals would pay $1000. Oh Morgan everything you are saying is right but its too much data to collect, too complicated in analysis pipeline, 
  117:         - People like Cullen Spectre present visual stimulai to get your face area mapped out.
  164:         - EGI-electrical stimulation, conductivity mapping, trying to map electrical mapping

a0307z.md:
  18: Jack Gallant Perceptual Object and Action Maps in the Human Brain
  20: Perceptual Object and Action Maps in the Human Brain
  22: Perhaps your word representations are siloed in specific cortical columns inside the semantic map in your brain, and your brain activity is just very persistent at sticking to it's preferred silos? https://gallantlab.org/brain-viewer/

a0329z.md:
  20: then I thought about a news article I published on Silicon Valley Global News in which I mapped out the connection between potassium changes and action potential firing and mvr

a0330z.md:
  3: Map: Peter Tse, (criterial causation, observer) 
  7:   addedto:mindmap:Neo_Mind_Cycle

a0331z.md:
   3: Jack Gallant Perceptual Object and Action Maps in the Human Brain
   5: Perceptual Object and Action Maps in the Human Brain
  94: ⟪ 515 characters skipped ⟫deed engineer itself to feel different levels of suffering, out of curiosity...), it may "follow" in its logical mind that it would be ethically a good thing to go out there to 1) scout and have fun, map out the universe, and 2) while at it, deal with any suffering it finds.

a0332z.md:
  9: The brain is able to instead react directly to information patterns, with advanced neural circuits that compile vast memory databases of complex coincidence patterns mapping out associations between causes to allow the brain over time to predict shapes and other sensory based metaphors through which it builds an information based understanding of the world we inhabit so that information patterns that we call understanding are actually the patterns that drive human to move or make complex decisions like choosing to buy a Tesla vehicle.

a0333z.md:
  12: I like how in AN model, intuition is the emergent result from points plotted in a vector tree map that you can describe in category theory. I think she describes it in C and or Java, but I think it lacks the fluidity that could happen in a functional language like Haskell. Where node memories can create vector memories and  The model free nature means that the concept is the memory of the tree's reaction in a sense. With Haskell and an 80 core processor one could have each node in the tree creating emergent vector maps with the other activated nodes independent of a centralized process.

a0347z.md:
  10: They say that neurons that fire together wire together, which is a nice, rhyming way to say that neurons that actively signal in a group tend to develop stronger connections with each other. Indeed, from an evolutionary stand point, this makes a lot of sense because it facilitates learning. During new experiences like learning to walk or speak a language or making mental maps of the way home, neurons make new connections. The more an activity is repeated, or the more learning involved, the stronger those connections become. Zoom in and you’ll see that these neurons don’t actually physically touch, but instead right at the junction where two neurons meet is a tiny gap called a synapse.

a0352z.md:
  12: Neo Mind Cycle uses a brain plasticity protocol that is 1. engaging, highly interesting, because your feeling and seeing your own brainwave patterns in this deeply stimulating audio visual experience. 2. because it stimulates the whole mind in an engaging way it results in new brain maps, or regions of the mind that might have been separate now begin to talk to one another, neurons that fire together wire together, and this means the expansion of awareness generally, but also amazingly resourceful great ideas, feeling good because of stimulated brain chemistry, more success, happiness, confidence, it helps people who have ptsd, adhd, addiction, autism, and much more.

a0353z.md:
   3: I'm thinking about Category Theory (as temporal maps of transformations)
   5: and conventional mind maps (as spatial patterns, vectors between points)
   6: A linked to B in a conventional mind map describes a spatial association, meaning either variable could invoke the other.
  25: with morphisms that describe all the relationships between all the mathematical theories, all the artificial intelligence's theories, all the computer science theories, all the neuroscience theories, and more? Does it exist? Would you like this to be a collaborative group project? Using either web based mind map tools, diagram tools, and or other collaborative sharing tools. 

a0359z.md:
  8: Simply held, complete nervous system can be viewed as a modular monoidal recursive map-reduce... Simply held.... 

a0368z.md:
  2: Dualism is a map of reality, framed in polarities, and its not an illusion, but its also not the territory.
  4: Even if dualism is not an illusion, your map of reality is missing exactly half of the story if you stop at the individual as the source of what he does.
  8: A non-duality merged with the dualism that is the map in your mind makes the map an organic thing like a tree.

a0411z.md:
   3: (perception, graph, cortex, map, vector, semantic, neuron, category, theory)
   5: I mentioned category theory. I want to sort of collect and review everything I have that is about category theory. So I want to add category to the map of all things
   9: Is a semantic token a map of vectors between points above a certain threshold in various nodes?
  15: See this video http://medicalxpress.com/news/2012-10-fetal-neural-vision.html this does not look like single character bits fed one at a time triggering points converted into vector mapped based memories. it looks like a morphing vector pattern being going through several stages of memory reduction in the architecture. Essentially because the burst runs out of steam, and then it leaves its vector mapped imprint. A spatial representation imprinted in the fired connections.
  17: I hope replies reflect the subject of this group: Categories & Geometry of the Mind. Do you think meaning for intelligent beings may imply an unconscious topographical map of nodes that are themselves semantic tokens reflecting maps between points of above threshold data associations in a multi level pattern learning machine?
  34: Micah Blumberg Do your semantic tokens (vector maps of associations) really come from emergent patterns that are imprints in the memory created by synthesized brainwaves?
  37: Micah Blumberg I like how in AN model, intuition is the emergent result from points plotted in a vector tree map that you can describe in category theory (the vector tree map not the emergent patterns). I think she describes it in C and or Java, but I think C and Java lack the fluidity that could happen in a functional language like Haskell. Where node memories can create vector memories and The model free nature means that the concept is the memory of the tree's reaction in a sense. With Haskell and an 80 core processor one could have each node in the tree creating emergent vector maps with the other activated nodes independent of a centralized process.
  57: ⟪ 836 characters skipped ⟫tually that they probably are both modeled at the highest levels of cortex, unless the association of the edge of an atom is so closely associating with small things that it gets thrown into a vector map that is a link between details from lower regions and concepts from higher religions. Maybe all the edges are size invariant, like vector graphics in a computer. Maybe doing computer vision by feeding it bitmaps is creating a disgusting scaling problem in vision learning that would not exist if "edges" in the v1 cortex were scale invariant vector patterns, that could be linked into any vector token, aka a semantic token, that is also linked to a size vector token, and a depth vector token, and a color vector token, and a smell vector token, to produce the appearance of a multi-sensory object in stages of brainwaves.

a0412z.md:
  55: I'm visualizing taking that 3D vector field modeling tool and using it to describe the electromagnetic field around a person and within their brain overlaying a transparent 3D volumetric video of their head captured in real time with real time changes to the vector field map representing what the bci is detecting with meg eeg fnirs fmri and dti + neuralink

a0442z.md:
  31: if you could draw a 3D brain map of delta osccilations area compared the theta, compared to Alpha etc
  35: eeg brainwaves permeat space in 3D so why don't we see a map of them

a0448z.md:
  124: Black Square Radek Stupak Nah, it ain't. You need syntactic forms and mappings onto semantics. Music doesn't really work like that.

a0472z.md:
  48: But if you stab a rock, it's not the same feeling as when you prick your finger. So in a sense your finger is more you than a rock. Yet you could lose a limb, and get an artificial replacement, and your plastic brain, with the right neuro-plastic treatment, can remap itself, to treat the artificial limb as if it were it's real limb. The brain is not completely dependent on the body, you could conceivably create an artificial body, the perfect artificial ecosystem for the brain, and the brain would adapt to, to control it, to become that new body, your new mechanical self. The components of the brain itself, the cells, the proteins, the particulars, the myelinated axons, the glial cell waste removal system, the microtubules, the camkii2, the branches of dendrites and synapses, serve as hardware for memory and concept formation, predictions of causes, derived from sequences of patterns, from chains of data, that comes in from the senses, and the brain itself, in any particular part, is just a system of cells, a cooperation of rivals, working together to feed, it's a hungry glucose and nutrient driven system, the hungriest organ in the body, but the result, is the coordination of a body, including your fingers, and your voice muscles, for communic
  76: the moment the "I am" concept map of connections, and memories, is modeled and turned into a shelf product that any kid can buy and add to any robot, effectively making that robot a "Richard Pomfret" bot, what will you think of your consciousness then?

a0477z.md:
   6: Is a semantic token a map of vectors between points above a certain threshold in various nodes?
  14: See this video http://medicalxpress.com/news/2012-10-fetal-neural-vision.html this does not look like single character bits fed one at a time triggering points converted into vector mapped based memories. it looks like a morphing vector pattern being going through several stages of memory reduction in the architecture. Essentially because the burst runs out of steam, and then it leaves its vector mapped imprint. A spatial representation imprinted in the fired connections.
  16: I hope replies reflect the subject of this group: Categories & Geometry of the Mind. Do you think meaning for intelligent beings may imply an unconscious topographical map of nodes that are themselves semantic tokens reflecting maps between points of above threshold data associations in a multi level pattern learning machine?
  32: Micah Blumberg Do your semantic tokens (vector maps of associations) really come from emergent patterns that are imprints in the memory created by synthesized brainwaves?
  35: Micah Blumberg I like how in AN model, intuition is the emergent result from points plotted in a vector tree map that you can describe in category theory (the vector tree map not the emergent patterns). I think she describes it in C and or Java, but I think C and Java lack the fluidity that could happen in a functional language like Haskell. Where node memories can create vector memories and The model free nature means that the concept is the memory of the tree's reaction in a sense. With Haskell and an 80 core processor one could have each node in the tree creating emergent vector maps with the other activated nodes independent of a centralized process.
  39: Also in Haskel you could have the eighty core processor calculate each section of a massive category theory defined mind map representing a neocortical column completely out of order and still return the right result.

a0482z.md:
  22: Individuality is a concept, like the observer, its a distinction, from dualism, dualism is in some sense artificial, its the map of reality, but it isn't reality, it's not the territory. Individuality as a concept is not a complete illusion, but its also not completely real. Without the mind, there would be no such artificial concept as an individual, or an observer, but these concepts 'do not' have to have an objectively real reality to be useful. knowing that the observer is not really real, and knowing that the individual is not really real means that these concepts are no longer able to serve as the emperor's false clothing. The naked self cannot be clothed by any concept. You are not that.
  24: your not the artificial map of reality that describes what you are, your more than your mind will ever know, but see that is a trick, because it is the mind that forms a model of the mind and the world around the mind, the world around the mind is a prediction in the mind, and yet the real you is the real cosmos outside the mind, this is very tricky to understand
  43: ⟪ 962 characters skipped ⟫ole of what you're perceiving. All that you know about your real self is from a model in your brain. A model that is wholly informed by the real you, while at the same time always being an incomplete map of you, never the whole reality of how amazing you are. Eternally expanding, and forever incomplete.

a0496z.md:
   3: (category, theory, perception cortex, map, semantic)
   7: Is a semantic token a map of vectors between points above a certain threshold in various nodes?
  15: See this video http://medicalxpress.com/news/2012-10-fetal-neural-vision.html this does not look like single character bits fed one at a time triggering points converted into vector mapped based memories. it looks like a morphing vector pattern being going through several stages of memory reduction in the architecture. Essentially because the burst runs out of steam, and then it leaves its vector mapped imprint. A spatial representation imprinted in the fired connections.
  17: I hope replies reflect the subject of this group: Categories & Geometry of the Mind. Do you think meaning for intelligent beings may imply an unconscious topographical map of nodes that are themselves semantic tokens reflecting maps between points of above threshold data associations in a multi level pattern learning machine?
  37: Do your semantic tokens (vector maps of associations) really come from emergent patterns that are imprints in the memory created by synthesized brainwaves?
  41: I like how in AN model, intuition is the emergent result from points plotted in a vector tree map that you can describe in category theory (the vector tree map not the emergent patterns). I think she describes it in C and or Java, but I think C and Java lack the fluidity that could happen in a functional language like Haskell. Where node memories can create vector memories and The model free nature means that the concept is the memory of the tree's reaction in a sense. With Haskell and an 80 core processor one could have each node in the tree creating emergent vector maps with the other activated nodes independent of a centralized process.
  61: ⟪ 817 characters skipped ⟫ are so big they probably are both modeled at the highest levels of cortex, unless the association of the edge of an atom is so closely associating with small things that it gets thrown into a vector map that is a link between details from lower regions and concepts from higher religions. Maybe all the edges are size invariant, like vector graphics in a computer. Maybe doing computer vision by feeding it bitmaps is creating a disgusting scaling problem in vision learning that would not exist if "edges" in the v1 cortex were scale invariant vector patterns, that could be linked into any vector token, aka a semantic token, that is also linked to a size vector token, and a depth vector token, and a color vector token, and a smell vector token, to produce the appearance of a multi-sensory object in stages of brainwaves. 

a0497z.md:
  196: Everything in your brain is raw reality, your brain is not separate from spacetime, that's dualism. If your point is that the map of reality in your head isn't the actual territory it represents who has argued to the contrary? Still the form in the map may be a potential existence just like the form of a rock, just like the form of an electron, existing in superposition without locality before it exists in a location.
  210: how do you that the whole cosmos did not exist in super position before it had a location? how do you know that numbers do not exist in superposition before they exist as a map in your mind? how do you know that everything isn't literally defined by everything else? aside from your axiomatic belief, what proof exists?
  228: Finally the point about the brain being like it's own programming language like Lisp was actually a good one. Reality is still a definition, even if the definition is more complex than just a prediction. The definition is whatever it is, and perhaps all the extreme views of today will be the moderate views of tomorrow. Who knows. With Ken Wiber's map of cultural integrations, what he calls integral life, it's clear to me that I don't need to worry about any of this. In time wisdom prevails, or we all die.

a0499z.md:
  9: Human beings are different from other species because of a larger cerebral cortex, this neo cortex is a modeling system, it maps every aspect of our sensory experiences, and these maps become our expectations and beliefs about what is going to happen next, the basis of intelligence is memory-prediction, that means awareness equals expectation, its a mechanical thing, its different from a computer because the hardware and software are one, it is constantly reprogramming itself to learn (map, model, predict) so as to coordinate reactions, every thought involves neurons firing in a sequence activing sensory modalities in your very own simulation of reality, the matrix, its yours mind.

a0500z.md:
  10: do you use gps?, Global Positioning Satellite data on your phone or computer, part of your map software? that's pretty cool right? my grandfather led the team that invented that and put the first gps satellites into space, want to know who paid to create this cool gps on your phone? the military paid for it. they also paid for tons of medical research that now saves lives around the world, they have invested big in research that has paid on in revolutionary new technology that helps disabled people walk again, or pick up things again, that's not cool to you because the military paid for it? or is it not cool because tax payers funds went to those projects because of military interests?

a0510z.md:
   8: ⟪ 323 characters skipped ⟫ssociated with one of the cells that did fire, well those cells go into a "ready" state because they are now expecting to fire. That expectation is a the basis of memory-prediction, it's how our mind maps reality, through sequences of expectations, that link cells together based on previous experiences. Memory-prediction is how information is coded in neural activity. That's what thinking is, a prediction, the whole cerebral cortex can be said to be a modeling system, of the world we predict is real, and all the models of the world we perceive with our mind through our senses are really made up of countless predictions, encoded in neural activity.
  10: ⟪ 1244 characters skipped ⟫ound have now fired, and inhibit nearby patterns there is now an association reaching out to another group that is the learned representation of orange-red. Each learned representation is literally a map constructed our of sensory input via space and time, represented in a three dimensional x,y,z axis in the cerebral cortex. If that exact position of the cortex was damaged via stroke, tumor, or other injury, it's possible that that map of spacial/temporal associations will be remade by another portion of the brain, provided your interested and committed to learning the alpha 5 on red or red-orange background association again. Your previous associations, in terms of mapped life experiences, are the basis of your expectations in life, that's the metric by which you judge your experiences. Who is experiencing your life? Well your previous experiences are. That's the narrative of you, the song of soul, the symphony of I am. New experiences can have a tipping point where the internal maps of associations that represent you under go a fundamental shift, the pattern that is you becomes more capable of interpreting life experiences in a useful way. Passing the tipping point, into a new internal narrative, is a threshold experience, many times means your going to be capable of handling bigger problems then you were before, or it means you will be able to handle the same problems with greater ease. It's your brain improving it's own maps, out of necessity, experience, so that your brain is able to represent alpha 5 on a red/orange background with fewer cells. Perhaps alpha 5 gets merged with the coffee shop you are always at when you see alpha 5, so that increasingly large groups of associations can be represented with increasingly fewer neurons at a higher level in the cortex, similar to the subject line of an email, or the headline of a news article, or the title of a paper. By the time we get to conscious thinking, we are at the news headline of news headlines, we are at the grand summary of grand summaries, the conscious thoughts are macro summaries of vast blankets of group associations learned through life experience so that no matter what direction you look, you can spot many complicated objects almost instantly, because they have all been linked via short cuts that use few cells to trigger vast networks of previous associations, that help you predict what is real now. 
  11: Micah Blumberg So information is encoded in neural activity via learned associations in bunches of cells, these associations are mapping our experiences, and providing expectations to other bunches of associated neurons representing maps of other internal representations, corresponding with life experience. In a way we are these previous life experiences, predictions that represent previous associations including association between maps of associated cells from all the other previous life experiences. The out put from these cells, when the neurons fire, is our expectation of what we are experiencing now, our expectations come to meet our new experiences almost like the waves coming to meet the shores of our nations. As the shore of new experience comes in, it's sorted by or into the previous maps of reality, until such a time when it's overwhelmed by the new data so much that a major change in the internal maps takes place, representing a change in a person after a very significant life experience. Pushing this threshold is something I am very interested in, that's why I do neurofeedback with brainwave entrainment with light and sound as my business!

a0533z.md:
  17: Am I my connectome? Each human brain possesses a unique, intricate pattern of 86 billion neurons. If science can map it, immortality beckons
  18: original https://aeon.co/essays/mapping-the-brains-connective-structure-could-unlock-immortality?fbclid=IwAR2qIGVutZfBFgVaCZk9UQV4fo5UxJqjseb_NFZJMtfA9V3PWAfSSSOmTZ8

a0541z.md:
   5: (synap) "why does no one ever like examining us left-handed folk? :(" everyone's brain is slightly different, but in large percentage of left handed folks the brain is so significantly different that it drowns out meaningful personality distinctions in the data. In comparing the data from the brains of all right handed people, it's easier to compare one brainmap to another.
  17: Micah Blumberg ‎"Do we have to worry about any radiation used to examine our brains? Any monetary compensation?" EEG brain mapping is like a microphone that listens to the electromagnetic sound that comes out of your skull, it doesn't emit radiation or effect your brain in any way.

a0552z.md:
   55: So if a cell is a node in the mindmap, imagine that the meaning isn't in the node, it's between the nodes.
   79: Is a semantic token a map of vectors between points above a certain threshold in various nodes?
   91: See this video http://medicalxpress.com/news/2012-10-fetal-neural-vision.html this does not look like single character bits fed one at a time triggering points converted into vector mapped based memories. it looks like a morphing vector pattern being going through several stages of memory reduction in the architecture. Essentially because the burst runs out of steam, and then it leaves its vector mapped imprint. A spatial representation imprinted in the fired connections.
  109:   addedto:mindmap:Top_Vectors

a0560z.md:
  5: MyBook5 / MindMapKey / IAmAVortex / HowCatsHunt

a0561z.md:
  14:   addedto:mindmap:Neo_Mind_Cycle

a0569z.md:
  39: ⟪ 1378 characters skipped ⟫among synapses (neurons that fire together wire together) that eventually begin to represent what is happening, it's a concept created by connections between synapses. Gradually your mind is making a map of what's happening, a map of the causes within the mind, so when presented with the opportunity to do something more coordinate, that might result in a long term or short term reward, your more likely to do it, because that pathway has been built, that pathway of your choice to do what you want to get the reward is the physical concept created by connections between the synapses from neurons that fired together in sequence during your experiences. These learned patterns in synapses, then begin to be applied to other areas of your brain and your life, because all the cells are modular, any part of the brain can work with any other part of the brain, but the key to that happening is the patterns formed through learning. Cross synaptic learning, which is the core of what Neo Mind Cycle is. It makes you more flexible mentally.

a0595z.md:
  6: The brain's network is actually a brainwave sequencer, that detects phase patterns and converts them into rendered spatial temporal conceptual maps of reality and self for this brain thinking that it is a person when it is a machine exactly.

a0601z.md:
  16: Treating Parkinsons with Ultrasound because Mechanical Vibrations can unlock functions in the cell nucleus. We have to use deep learning to map the functions in the cell nucleus that can be turned on or off to either produce the symptoms of PD or reduce them. The human body.

a0604z.md:
  3: Parkinsons map document

a0606z.md:
  22: Brain-wide mapping reveals that engrams for a single memory are distributed across multiple brain regions https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35379803/
  26: antigen mapping Antigen identification and high-throughput interaction mapping by reprogramming viral entry

a0610z.md:
  11: Mind maps: the beauty of brain cells – in pictures https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/gallery/2017/jan/18/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-mind-maps-the-beauty-of-brain-cells-in-pictures

a0613z.md:
  19: So if you want to work on mapping really abstract multi-cellular, and intracellular transformations & functors with me that is something you could do.
  31: So in my Category Theory Petri-net hybrid what I am proposing is that we put objects inside places, so that there is a multi-dimensional format for interlacing the abstract spatial location of a function mapping over time.
  44: If we want to describe the function mapping from the Soma to the Mitochondria then we write.
  49: In this case the researcher needs to include a key mapping to say to readers that M0 equals the state at which the Mitochondria isn’t producing ATP, and M1 equals the state at which the Mitochondria has already been stimulated to produce additional ATP and is doing so.

a0615z.md:
  31: So I had this idea then, since 1999, that the brain could infer from sensory information what objects are, like a neural network connecting the dots into objects and connecting objects to words and forming concepts that essentially map learned objects, and the learned features of objects to learned words and verbal concepts.

a0616z.md:
   36:         Ganglia Sensor Arrays, Eyes, Ears, Touch, Taste, Smell and how they map to the different parts of the brain. Why I'm looking for feedback loops connecting the oscillating sensor-transmitter arrays.
  154: 9 Development of the mind: Thresholds of the Mind, Spiral Dynamics, Big history, Maps of reality, chaos & organization

a0630z.md:
   2: (cortex, map)
  11: Neuroscientists have used micro-electrodes to map the areas of the brain that correspond to the hand and face for example, if someone (more commonly a blind person) learns something like "braille" the amount of brain region (neurons) dedicated to that finger map will be vastly increased, having a bigger map of the finger might be analogous to having a personality type that is more feeler. The brain is continually shaped by the important life experiences, and the life experiences that dominant our sensory awareness over time. Cab drivers, after 20 years, for example have a brain that is significantly larger than the average population in the regions that are most related to their work as cab drivers. This might have an effect in terms of changing their MBTI over a long period of time.

a0632z.md:
   7: (perception, layers, emotion, memory-prediction, cortex, map, neuron)
  16: When the map of reality expands even more so that becomes apparent yes! It is not this or that until it is, thats quantum superposition.
  18: ⟪ 684 characters skipped ⟫and then in a long enough time line, provided the brain is healthy, and other conditions ideal (constant), then wisdom is the inevitable result. Wisdom being a more developed expectation, or a better map of associations in the network of predictions constituting some measurable improvement in some programmed process of movement toward hearts desire.

a0644z.md:
   70: Consciousness is integrated models, not just integrated maps, not just integrated reference frames, not just integrated information
  270: the implanted a cat, you can map the association of the patterns that give you

a0645z.md:
  23: You say well a Rasberry Pi does not have the same hardware as the brain so how could it do emotions, well that is where WebXR & game engines come in. You see if we can simulate a 3D point cloud, or create a fluid dynamics simulation, and map the simulation of brain activity to the corresponding points in space representing the locations of our artificial neurons, then we can correctly simulate what happens in the human brain to make emotions, virtually, and since representations in the human brain are virtual or location invariant anyways, it won't make a difference.

a0651z.md:
  22: mapping cells, circuits, and systems

b0003y.md:
  17: And from that constructs, a picture of reality, a rendering of reality that in which the participant can do things like separate objects from from other objects or identify different items in the environment or identify locations and space. The participant can have distinct representations because actually map representations of the environment including a concept of self that has to be somehow rendered within these cells and the phase changes that there are that they are transmitting in between one another.
  57: It's not it's not really considered. There's not a really a spatial hard dimension or a dynamics spatial relationship and in a deepening network, there's deeper on that work. Every node is is map to every other node, in the next, the next layer or the previous layer. There's a, I mean, there's it's not like in the brain which you have is you have memories that are represented by a connections.

b0009y.md:
  444: What is the sequence of thought that I'm having going to lead to? What's the goal, what am I focused on the most? What am I when? And so you kind of know you kind of know that you're that if you think about how you're feeling and what internal representations you have you kind of know through your inner sensory representations what the result of that strategy is going to be because you've played the strategy many times your brain has mapped out the consequences of the strategy but if you're not conscious of that then you're gonna just repeat the best stretch.

b0038y.md:
   17: So create a new section map called
   38: # "New Map of Meaning in the Brain Changes Ideas About Memory"
   40: https://www.quantamagazine.org/new-map-of-meaning-in-the-brain-changes-ideas-about-memory-20220208/?fbclid=IwAR1ajEX-EQFocHAN8Yg6qANBFqGXtUnxp3-75jN1j9pGNYZyFUVc-mTAmrg
  107: # "Entorhinal cortex grid cells can map to hippocampal place cells by competitive learning"
  227: So the brain's neural process is in effect seeking, and the self is at the root a direction in the minds conceptual rendering, and above that root level existence of self, the self is the seeker of the way, and the way of the brain is the way of the seeker, and the self is the seeker who is the way. So you are the way, and you are the seeker, and the direction of the seeker, the causal body (or body of causation) is that part of the minds rendered map of reality from which causes emerge (the most consistently, since the self, as a directional concept, is always present.)

b0041y.md:
  34: This is interesting, the way like in your brain may have a different map but how in terms of how it represents something that you're looking at, what the meaning that is to you. I mean, you may have a very different location. It's just, I just made up a story physically that you can.

b0047y.md:
  201: But let me see if I can find it. So okay let me just and I'll just sort of do this remembering so. Okay, so so think of like to get this one. I have. Okay. So I see. So I see neuroscientists being primarily concerned with discovering, their own anatomy such as mapping, they connect them in the major brain regions and then I see computational biology or computational neurobiology is sort of concerned with mapping the functional connectivity.

b0066y.md:
  8: Learns how my movements are and my movement become mapped to the other characters movements and so, my movements can cause the other character to move and then there's voice the synthesis so that can copy that as well. Right there. You can have the sort of like a video conference like effect video conference where one character will talk and take over.

b0067y.md:
  105: That added capacity allows gradient regularization neural networks using complex numbers to find solutions just as fast as those trained without the extra security. In his research, Yeats shows that image classifiers aimed at recognizing house numbers from Google Maps and different clothing items trained on his approach are more secure than standard methods while performing at the same level."

b0069y.md:
  332: Okay so let's just let's just I mean describe that again in my own words, right? Question first? Yeah. Go ahead. I'm well I'm actually I'm actually going through all the different sense sensory pathways. So I'm just trying to like understand the general map of each of the sensory pathways and today I'm just sort of like looking at the olfactory.
  479: But yeah, the best I can suggest probably is if you wanted to map it out I would use the Nasmia from the Kovic cases, as like a controlled to see what like where the specific damage occurs basically is there. It's through the east to the epithelial thing, but the permanent loss of smells should be affecting the part of the brain that you're looking for.

b0071y.md:
  5: That finger sensation is still going to come in to this to the somatosensory cortex S1. It's a mechno-sensor array triggered touch, mapped in the Somatosensory Cortex of the brain.

b0073y.md:
   20: The non-euclidean geometry of the teeth for God application. They can try and apply with oculus with oculus quest and that is so cool because basically it takes your your real space that you can map out with your octopus quest. And it turns it into a path that you can that you can walk endlessly because it just basically we need to get to one end of it and you look around the corner it has completely redecorated.
  101: It's that by the, it's different, it's it different in the face field, right? So color is a different frequency, but the frequency is to your brain, is just a difference, relative to everything else. And so, your brain has this sort of like, mental map of functions that are sort of, sort of rendering color based upon the comparison of contrasts and a phase field, right?

b0074y.md:
  55: So someone is like dominating your field of view. Like they're gonna be dominating your mental processing power. In terms of what you're bringing is focused on or rendering at that moment, especially if you can smell that okay, use every time about right now to actually. And so that's how to think of like, how your spatial map works is that everything you're focused on is taking up some percentage of your, of your brains and brains computations.

b0075y.md:
  101: I love Jack Gallants work when he talks about the semantic map
  103: # "UC Berkeley researchers create semantic map of brain"
  104: https://www.dailycal.org/2016/04/29/uc-berkeley-researchers-create-semantic-map-of-brain/
  108: The participant would watch a video that would and several images would be played in the course of the video and the signals in their blood would be recorded by the computer. So today basically created the spatial map of blood flow changes in the brain and in the blood flow.

b0081y.md:
  257: a map of your ecosystem that you as the organism must navigate.

b0089y.md:
  24: That is, you know, there are queries patterns that are presented to your to your brain and that evokes sequences of patterns from within you responses. You're responding to this situation that you're in, right. And and your responses, you like you call them choices because the, you know, you can map the the body of causation that is causing these patterns to your own muscular structure to your own brand.
  33: I sense the world around my body. Not not so much like I think of the world as something that's around my body whereas I think of my body as something that is separate from the world. But that is just that it's just a map of reality. It's just a metaphor.

b0092y.md:
   42: And, you know, they think that, you know, if we're just if we just put enough information together, like if we're just synergize it, if we're just synchronized it and I think, you know following that there's there's, you know, someone came out with this, like, if they call it the resonant and resonating this, because it's kind of like, you know, so it's a map of realities so Buddhism, for example, you know, from the tradition of Buddhism or or actually, maybe I should say spin-off traditions because what is the original tradition of Buddhism or just have all these spin-offs of Buddhism nowadays, some of them official.
   51: But there's there's something to what I'm saying. And I'm, you know, it's humor because these are the people who write about the maps of reality, the map of reality, right? The lions and the of development that of cognitive development as a human being grows and matures through time how their mind might develop.
  136: That's, that's when sort of like the self-awareness, the patterns, the patterns of self-awareness begin to formulate in the cortex. It's through the feedback loop of lived experiences of patterns forming connections that map. Basically, it's your map of reality and so, yeah. So I'm arguing that I is the resolution of of the patterns of of consciousness, but that consciousness is the looping of pattern defeat the narrow feet, the strange loop, like a feedback loop of patterns or neurofeedback consciousness comes from basically neurofeedback through the resolution of the pattern matrix that your brain is putting together.
  181: But then again, it's like, you know, you're going back to the descriptions of kind of can Wilber in the maps of reality. It's like the, you know, there's a description of like, there's a ground of being, which is just awareness. And in this ground of being this, where all forms arise and this is, this is from, like, I think it's from Buddhism, but it's like, if you experience just the like, space of beingness and which all forms arias, that is a map of reality.

b0095y ctpr.txt:
   7: And, I'm very correlated to began the mapping of the the variations between part and between the heart frequency and frequency. The influence of new summation on your brain is is it seems like that might be inhibiting brain activity? Like maybe it's maybe inflammation as particles actually somehow, you know, slow down the delivery of blood or, you know, blood oxygen or maybe a, I don't know.
  21: How am I going to do this? So I want to get out of the documents jail. First of all, I need to get back up to the high level. Mind maps. Also, whereas versus my map. Okay. So is my match there.

b0099y ctpr.txt:
  14: But then here at the higher levels, how those pieces fit together is sort of, like, mapped in the same way as how the small pieces of so it. Yes. So like, yes. So it goes back to, like, sort of higher for learning where the lowest levels of a neurosurgeon will capture the smallest details and then the the higher, the higher you go up.

b0100y.md:
  119: ⟪ 681 characters skipped ⟫ing what you are looking at when you are looking at it. So the organism has the experience of reality, but it's just a sequence of graphically rendered concepts based on a tomographically constructed map of reality which is the assembling of coincidence detections by neurons, that are transmitting phase changes that create the components for coincidence detections by other neurons.

b0104y.md:
  188: Turn the electrodes on the screen. Array into a touch mapping program. It's showing conductor fabric and so she's able to make a address that can recognize your questions basically fabric. But interestingly like you could also put LEDs so that as you touch a certain area of the dress like, right?

b0107.md:
   63: Those signals in exactly the very human being would 39 in exactly where, but to produce the exact same signal results, it's it's a functional isomorphism. So like, if you imagine, we're like imagine, like with categories theory, let's draw a straw map. Okay so we're going to have my drive map and it's going to it's going to image the note flow and I'm gonna draw like so there's gonna draw like a which is the signal capture is the signal capture from an array.
  114: Rendered inner mappings.
  123: And then over here we have and scaling where render in our mappings.

b0124y ctpr.txt:
  71: It's it's that the output isn't something internal and internal representation isn't really internal uses your brain, working too hard, okay? The output is an external res, rendering mapping. It's done internally. But it's a an external map that's being produced by other by the physical. Computations of oscillators, it's an external map.
  91: It's a movie that an organism is, it's a. It's a live movie at an organism is playing to itself, and that movie is responsive. It's it's it's like the movie is is a map. That guy is an organism where it needs to go. You know, sometimes you have feelings like, whoa.
  93: I need to leave this place. And, oh, I need to go here and I know, I just need to relax and these feelings are sort of helping to also navigate you through this mental map.
  95: And but you have, but you get to, but get to the realization and all a different pieces of your meantime from the feelings to the 3D world, that these are computed models. We have a computer's model of your fields that that is driving your react. And it's a, it's a four-dimensional spatial temple and spatial map of your of your feeling.

b0127y ctpr.txt:
  57: So there's a ripple as like as if a brain wave was traveling but it's like pixels are lighting up. So clenchally on a screen we're going to have four red pixels. That's like you have one brand section light up then another. There's a temporal neural circuit. Had happens A sequence of rain activations and a certain area by the by the lab of Jackalont points to the semantic mapping of your temple, spatial reality, and actual and distributed and actual spatial regions as measured by the blood flow detected with functional MRI at the lab of Jacqueline and Berkeley.

b0129y ctpr.txt:
  21: I have this mental map of where those feelings are coming from and their characteristic characteristically different in terms of their phase representation. It's more of like a slow face pattern coming crazy, serious. Sequences patterns coming from different areas of the old brain. And I sort of like am just I think playing with internal representations trying to figure out what it trying to figure out if if this sort of like vaginas of certain kinds of feelings, sort of like, lack of precision and spatial details like feeling doesn't look like a chair.

b0130y.md:
  11: Simultaneously simultaneous location and mapping.

b0146y ctpr.txt:
  35: The temple temple spatial patterns of phases. Okay? So if this is, you know, he's between phases are like, you know, two or more. It's like a sequence map of two or more neurons that are firing within a certain millisecond as detected by percent apps and Okay so with the tension this game, he's proposing that there are some mechanisms that are driving attention that are not directly related to the neurons themselves or that they're neurons at a higher level that are driving attention and lower levels or maybe So I was just gonna say that it could be possible for different levels of of neurons.

b0150y.md:
  8: So for me, the multi-level concept of mines is, you know, at the at the root of it there's a sense there's a sensory prediction and a motor prediction coming together that eventually results in a body of causality that's tracked or a map of the general direction of where causes are coming from.

b0151y.md:
    7: (this note then links to the map on fractals with medical imagining, to illustrate that the telescopic effect is being found with patterns that repeat in the brain at multiple scales)
   89: So it's like there's a collection of data that models reality, a collection of data that models yourself in your movement. It's basically your movements and it's able to correlate connections between different kinds of unstructured data in real time. And so, there's just like, between the organisms reality, and the organisms mental picture, and the organisms action, there is a sort of like, it's like a painting or a map, they need a frame.
  155: Schema at a high level is not an eyeball moving this looking around, but like, in the, in a sense of like a frog and and it's, it's bringing that's creating physically a map of the difference as a surroundings. It's in, but they're actually, there actually is a mechanism in front of your brain.

b0153y.md:
   3: the seeker, neurons, representation, map
  19: So then in the exit terminals, belonging to the oscillating group of cells, are forming vector patterns that perhaps match the vector patterns at the synaptic level, maybe, but this would allow essentially synapses to store invariant vector patterns, that are magnified with isomorphic consistency to the meso & microscale. It's like saying that a soliton wave pattern in a neuron has no interent scale properity, it's a not a bitmap, it's a vector pattern, that can be scaled to any size brain.
  35: There is a spatial representation that's in physical 3D, that physical phase pattern is learned by the network as a whole and then represented to the brain to a higher level (as a tomographic map of sequences (note I said tomographic map NOT a topological map, might be defined by virtual & imaginary vectors (imaginary functional connections between parts of a learned firing sequence, but virtual because the locations are invariant, any part of the brain can play back a learned pattern.) A Neural Oscillatory Tomographic Map is a map of learned functions which are themselves maps of learned coincidence patterns.) The greater scale oscillators, the dipoles, the quadrupoles etc) of the brain to other neurons so that when the sequence fires. The entire oscillating group learns it together, and grows toward the learned pattern together. So the 4D vector field is being activated with a sequence of neurons firing, and the sequence implies a multi-scale vector that the brain can detect, and transmit across scales, from your big thoughts to your little memories. Yet the things that your brain has learned, as an oscillating cell assembling level, allow for knowledge to be virtual in your brain, for any part of your brain to be able to play back a known pattern, and any other part of your brain being able to play in a repeating oscillation over time (provided you have first learned the pattern). The whole reason your reality has some consistency from day to day is that the bigger more powerful oscillators in the brain are not likely to be easily overthrown by incomi
  37: ⟪ 956 characters skipped ⟫g that the brain is making a light based lightfield, but that the phase differences have information value, in the context of Information theory, and so the brain could render a high resolution color map of the environment, like a simulation of the Matrix, but running on just the computational capabilities of your brain cells. Reality rendered in phase differences. Everything you see is made out of phases (or frequencies), and everything your mind can see is also made out of phases.
  43: is something that neural circuits can enforce four dimensions by have a have a great crate and remember and replay tomographic pomegraphical maps and that.
  47: Attention Schema via the the act of activated and deactivated neurons and the temporal pattern to have their configuration sort of change because what they're representing that corresponds to here the representation of the external world, basically like the tomographic spectral map represents your map of reality but
  51: it represents your map of reality to both in terms of like what you're paying attention to and each moment and what you're not paying attention to in each moment. So that, what you're paying attention to in each moment is changing, corresponding to the incoming signals, but providing like a four-dimensional map of consciousness that that you, that predicts real reality
  55: in as much spectrum in detail as your brain can do it. So along with your muscle movements and your other capabilities that you can have highly coordinated movements. Along with the fact of creating this map, this map you can feel because there's multiple kinds of representation including electrical and magnetic soliton, phase representation, that is combining together to create this map.

b0154y ctpr.txt:
   3: Attention Schema Graph Network Map Graph Neurons
   6: So the, so the lecture spectral graph, the electromagnetic spectral graph service as a temple. Spatial virtual a neat orderly map, the sensory field or perceptual field, okay? So the so the interesting thing is, the tectum it of a frog is a good analogy for the through the graph for the spectral graph.
   9: Creating I'm back further. Coordination of muscle here, the coordination of muscle movement, and then I seen the same. The rest, the resolution consciousness is important because it basically serves as a as a map, the surface map for the coordination of muscle movements. So, consciousness serves as a map for muscle movements.
  12: And Michael, Michael essays attention. Schema sort of like illustrates how neurons can selectively pay attention to certain areas of the map when they our firing physically. But also inhibiting. The surrounding neurons to be to be quiet for basically and inhibiting, their tonic firing. That draws attention to part of the map.
  15: But the map is a map of the receptive field. It's actually a map of the
  18: Of the potential receptive fields because the receptive field is like what's in front of your, of your eye, for example, or what's in front of your ear. But that's like place sell information, the receptive field that you're not paying attention to, you're still mapping and that is like grid cell information.
  21: And that that's like the second map of where you're not. So the place else like a map of where you are and the grid cells like a map of where you're not so that you have a sense of having navigating sense of where you are and what you're not simultaneously.
  30: What could be measurement and we could be a future tool in the measurement of the resolution of the map of a frame of consciousness at one particular scale at the it's a macro scale. Okay. And, but it could, it could allude to also a map of microscale for frames.

b0161y ctpr.txt:
  20: So the so, so brain activity or neural activity is going to create across the whole brand from a global from the map from the might the most macroscopic perspective of the brain. The microscopic activity is going to create magnetic moments and it's going to create electromagnetic moments, magnetic moments, and electric moments of dipole activity.
  40: Is a sort of have this like map of associations between places and orient, the orientation of the self and then the positions and orientations of of what's around the self and that seems to be like a an important building block for an animal to have. Like, if you didn't have one of those three, it would, it might be harder to survive, right?

b0163y ctpr.txt:
  5: So I'm disagreeing with the integrated information theory because I am. I'm suggesting that we are the consciousness is basically a multi-sensory rendering, like I can computer rendering of. That is something that we hear sending and and something that we're receiving, and it's it's in and the way. All see, the whole objective is for the organism to make a functional map.
  7: A functional map. So differences in colors differences. In sound. Here's it's about the organism being able to to navigate and put together where they complex representations and really complex sequences of behavior in order to navigate a really complex world. And the work keeps on getting more complex. So it keeps pulling our minds towards greater evolution and greater development over, you know, over the course of evolution and evolutionary scale.

b0172y ctpr.txt:
  27: So much that all you're considering is one moment frozen in time. Okay, this working. And so what you want to think about? Now, you have a frozen moment in time. Is that whatever you're seeing? It's like a drawing and it's like a drawing. It's like a map. All right, let's say that.

b0181y ctpr.txt:
  27: So you're so you're. So your awareness is engaged in sort of creating a map of of that, the, the many different ways that you'll be able to communicate with and also benefit from from yeah. So there's two areas. This sort of, you know, I think ultimately. It's, it's you can be like, a conversation that you have with words or with just think about words or maybe even a conversation about pictures, or maybe you think about pictures and you summon pictures, but you have the computer, save, certain kinds of pictures, and your expression preferences, and you build this sort of visual graph.

b0187y ctpr.txt:
  27: Say oh there is a, there is a way that all these different &&&&&&& ideas fit together, that's the concept, right? The concept of the concept is that this concept represents a map of all these lower level pieces of information fit together. And to the concept of of, yeah, I'm not gonna It's about and think of how if you imagine the field of view of the VR headset, like there's been a lot of discussion over the years with the 90 field of view, 110 field of view.

b0192y ctpr.txt:
  9: And so then basically, I take every every major point of the GPS map, the most distal the most vessel and must up to the North. And, and all the interesting curves in between, Peaks and waves and so capture some sort of reduced representation of that and use that representation.

b0194y ctpr.txt:
  29: So, over time it learns more complex patterns. But to sort of like map, all the complexities of all of its patterns. It grows more dendritic branches.
  43: They have a they have a tonic pattern that's represented, okay. And that is distinct enough to the rest of the large scale. Atomic firing patterns. So that that becomes like, they all know who fired when someone fires because they've all mapped for themselves when they're going to fire after that neuron fires and other neurons fire, they're all like predicting like, okay.

b0195y ctpr.txt:
  429: Basically every time but it's not as possible. Like, you know, the points to the fact that that, you know, when you have multiple brain regions, if you if you have your members are like tapping in a distributed way where maybe you'll see like a dog and a house. And if you look at jackalance, work, you know, the semantic map that he created through, with MRI of where, you know, he saw, you know, a lot of brain, activity of people looking at pictures of houses.
  433: And so, the computer could then guess, or if the person is like, looking at a motorcycle, or looking at a dog based upon where the increase in blood, flows happening in the brain as measure by MRI and that, that's the jackalance. Labs, semantic maps that his experience were pretty awesome.
  445: Like you can have constantly have new patterns emerging in any area of the cortex. You have. Any of the core, any area of the cortex can be remapped to, to take on the duties of any other like in, for example, if someone loses a hand and the parts of the brain that were being used to, for their hand, then to start to become used for by the by the other regions of the brain, right?

b0197y ctpr.txt:
  197: So that the parts of your brain that are thinking about in the prefrontal cortex are able to sort of regulate and remapt the OCD. And so you're creating a sort of a funk sort of like it. Like a 10 segregated network is like, when, you know, so communications is network, is when thinking invented in 60s or 70s.
  199: And it's this idea that when part of your phone network is destroyer taken offline by, it could be during a war or something. The communications network automatically, sort of remaps it's pathways around that broken node. So that the rest of the nodes can continue to communicate and this is this is considered a neuron like our brain like thing.

b0200y ctpr.txt:
  108: That is sort of keeping this stuff here, which is interesting because it's, it's like it's supposed to be that gravity is keeping your stuff. Here gravity is just the curvature space and space cars around the maps. And the mass is creating an electric field, an election, magnet field That and in, in the electromagnetic field is curving away at the sun's ejection, but it should be, right?

b0201y ctpr.txt:
  9: So what? So if you don't have eyeballs, what do you, what is your optic nerve? Connect to in the brain, okay? How many pictures of brains have you seen with no eyeballs? Okay. But these researchers are surprised that eyeballs appeared because there has been a sort of like, it's like, it's like the map as left something off and left that off and left office.

b0212y ctpr.txt:
   3: Hierarchy Oscillations Mind Map
  15: Okay, so welcome back about Alex. So I had a really colorful idea. I thought, well, what if I create a really colorful template? And the mind map tool, right? Of basically, it's like so going to like so, you know how, like yeah, I've been missing around. Pretty my own templates.
  25: I think I want to combine. I think what I want to do is like create a screenshot and then add it to simple nuts. So I mean added to the notes notes, the notepad. So a screenshot of the mind map. Because I think that's what I need to do is to represent the associated concepts from in a branches aspect and then put it in a sequence, right?
  27: So it's like using that's like that's using a mind map in an unconventional way because then it's like you're combining the branch. The branching is just designed to show a relationship between two different ideas. A relationship that is in some sense shares, some minimum of isomorphism in terms of a natural hierarchy, with some other concepts.
  31: And that's why it needs to be included in this categorization, because this is sort of like a mind. Map tool is about arranging categories in a hierarchy. And that's interesting because category theory doesn't have any hiring but like yeah. If you can sure, if you could have transformations in a hierarchy then you could have like system would be at the top of the hierarchy and then you could have, you can have components underneath system and then you have entities and then you have the menu, you have the document.
  33: Okay and maybe I should do that. I should make a mind map where I have. Like the highest level is the system code that applies to the whole hierarchy and then the component code which means that you have some code that only applies to some of the project and what it applies to those are the things in this hierarchy that it applies to, but you can assign but you would assign what it applies to not at the component level, but at the entity level, and that's the point of entities, is sort of be like a general target for what the HTML page is supposed to render.
  45: So the mind map is like, okay, so start with that summary to, these are all the low level pieces that connect to this bigger picture. And that's what the book is about, is a book is. Okay, so this is the hypothesis and then these are the pieces that add up to the hypothesis.

b0229y ctpr.txt:
  25: And it's, it's, it's learning. Sequence, of spatial maps of frequencies that are themselves different

b0235y ctpr.txt:
  305: I do think there are different things that they find differently. Cognition is all about function mapping of into output computation of some sort or other consciousness is fundamentally about phenomenology. And so in the sense it's really a difference of emphasis when you ask questions and and do experiments and this is where, for instance.

b0252y.md:
  349: And I think that's by, you know, creating a time like sort of like this is where it's sort of like aligning them. Time-wise and so that's like yeah. So it's like time-wise is like yeah so it's like if you're if you have a heartbeat at the same time that you have an alpha wave peaking and you put them both in a timesheet and you can just track the heartbeats and the halfway waves and correlate them through time that you have a map, you have that is like one example of how you can take one set of I guess unstructured data in compared to another set of unstructured data.
  487: ⟪ 377 characters skipped ⟫ can also use what was a, you know, triangulation there's a sensor called tetras and they use that was the first time that they used triangulation to sort of determine where sort of created like a 3D map of where signals were coming from and and what they what they were coming from and the work, I mean I think that there's there's there might be a plenty of work for the next 200 to 500 years of neuroscience.
  538: So hard to solve the problem when it comes to AI. Okay, so I guess, you know, so I have like a different. Maybe I might my map of my internal reality might be a little bit different and so I want to try to describe what I think by like but sort of like with it with like a thought experiment.

b0254y ctpr.txt:
  4: When everything is going up in a very unexpected way, protect your map of reality. If you are expecting that a certain action will yield a certain result, and then something that you were lying on isn't reliable that day, you better backup plan because if you don't go back and plan, then you have fun that work or whatever without your whatever your appointment is.

b0268y ctpr.txt:
  372: So, maybe the calcium channels are open longer, but, But I see that so what I'm trying to map out is okay, so how is what the dendrite is is detecting affecting the the sodium and the chloride and the potassium and how were they affecting the calcium and and then how is that affecting the the duration of the of the action potential?

b0275y ctpr.txt:
  87: Represents idea that all of these. Points. Belong to the same object. Follow these features belong to the same object. That is ailable representation. But it consists of the lower representations a map and a map between the level of representations. So we're triggered in the high level sequence and interneurons is a.
  89: Is a map. A map map of the local representations.
  95: But the reduction. So we're talking about sparse distributors representation. So the reduction is creating like a sports representation of complex representation. But that maps back to that representation.
  97: And so if you get a whole bunch of similar sparse representations that map back to that representation. So, let's say that you have some everywhere. Okay. I use my everywhere. But that one that reverses it.

b0277y ctpr.txt:
  63: They fundamentally bottleneck neural networks. And I know how and I not only did I write an article about this, right? But I checked with neuroscientists and I'm right. I'm right. This is right because well what happened what happened was I found out that what you get if I found out I mapped the exact I'm not exactly how it works, right?

b0278y ctpr.txt:
  24: There's something similar concepts with. A mind map. So, With it is interesting the idea to because in my map was a nice visualization.
  26: So, my map is a nice visualization of a tree. Hey. Listen to me.
  32: Kind of wish memo we shut the hell up. This has been saying awesome kind of a glitch you're you you're a glitch memo, you're a goddamn bitch. I said glitch not bitch. Glitch. So my search for a way to organize all my data with quad flow and with the mind mapping tool and the notes and screenshots.
  44: So start a mind map that's about like mapping all the different ways to to mint NFTs, especially 3d VR entities like all the ways and sort of like what's the easiest way to mint? Stuff and you could probably fail to this just by like, you know, sort of like doing a search but doing a search, but like, Like putting your searches into card notes in a sense, so you'd have like a search on one side and a card node on the other and so like you sort of like logging your tabs as like little handwritten notes.

b0294y.md:
  72: Or common is and we've read those with an AI 32 which is just a channel reduction and so that way any cell that expresses the meal opioid receptor we're able to turn it on whenever we want with the light and we also do the same thing with with an AI 40 which is a lower adoption which shuts off and you know, so we what we did was we essentially mapped out in the the respiratory network the amount of cells in the type of firing patterns.

b0296y.md:
  175: It's less complex than a human brain, right? So with the human brain, we have a lot more neurons and the this the the vertexes and the nodes and things like that just make it more complex. So it is easier for for for them to map the gum. I think it was like a hundred or fifty two something knives like that, um, and I don't know if you guys ever seen like, The neurons like underneath the microscope like how they firing and the different things like that.
  188: So using like the scans and stuff like that to map what you see from a scan to like, Some behavioral or some like like basically a classification type problem might be about optimal solution but versus like trying to model the brain or not, but I'm not an expert. I'm just a fanboy on this so you know that that's a small opinion.

b0302y.md:
    48: Processed large amounts of data and and map that data to semantics such that we can produce code generate code that's also highly efficient. We've also focused on creating what some would agree is equivalent to the 
    52: And so our equivalent to that is a semantic periodic chart for. Computing where we have two hundred and fifty six elements that map meaning units to what humans express whether it's words or or gestures or typing text or any any signal data basically such that we can then in real time competitively generate highly parallelized code the benefit being the the ability to see the machine produced results and and have that correlating to what you actually met.
   115: Well this is can and that is definitely fascinating to me from the standpoint of. Being able to map what is an accurate reflection of a signal that you can verify discreetly not simply as you know, some some textual or other representation but a signal that you can map to meaning and represent in a number of ways we render it as as what it would represent in terms of something that is an image like a black an image of a big cat as you you suggest it.
   136: And doesn't it matter then that there's a semantic representation that can be mapped to the individuals way of thinking. Yeah exactly so not every representation will be exactly the same and every brain. Based on different experiences based on different context data, and so on so. Yes that what what really makes that a big part of our focus of my team is that we've observed what what happens in computing with programming languages and how so much is not represented there's there's an a semantic representation sufficiently to to determine what what does this mean and and context of the the code writer or the person who had the the idea or what they were trying to achieve, you know, so being able to.
   142: That supports the the machine behaviors. The only question I have for everyone because I'm thinking about this let's say we can map every like all kinds of memories out and we can replicate them and make you know people that get Alzheimer's or so remember and perform a regular life will it?
   392: Are ripped are represented by being on more distal areas of of the land right so. I think we have to. Call to know um like to that type of resolution and it's known that these type of subcategories of mapping of the neuron itself, it's supposed to be even more important and human.
   542: So so a very efficient way. To process data but perhaps more importantly it maps to to language both human and machine it can be mapped to signs symbols and and what we call meaning units in I mentioned earlier for those who weren't in the call or in the room initially we've we've mapped this approach to what we call a semantic periodic chart for computing that allows us to use 256 elements that are.
   545: Antique representations of meaning that can map in both directions both to to natural language or or programming language or to signs and symbols but also to code and and thus so you think of it as being able to pick your methodology, whether you you are more in your effort benefit by expressing it a natural language or a programming language or.
   548: A symbolic representation of what you mean they all map to the same definitive meaning to the machine and the benefit of that is is that you can support different ways of thinking different ways of expressing different languages different cultures and and within that those elements it it has certain specific representations that are not present and programming languages such as emotions fear anger.
   560: And that bugs our whole or loop that is not identified where they go into a complex system will that create chaos in in the whole ecosystem itself. That's a great question Dave. So again, our third patent is focused on something we call level of detail. In other words what that essentially allows for is representing even in the case, as you've described where someone's expressed an idea we semantically then map it to what we call a meaning unit.
   620: And right and and to be honest I mean the reason why I sort of like you know we do we're on your own networks the way with random right now in the computer is because they're just the mapped like what we run mapped better to the you know, the GPUs to GPUs that we have right I build alley who's I think chief scientist of an video he puts it, right?
   930: Easily so we you know, we all are more complicated than we realize and you can you know, you can do a lot of work finding out and tracking and mapping these um inhibitory pathways and excited to pathways and because obviously if you stimulate with high frequency and inhibitory pathway, you're actually then inhibiting that part of the brain even though you're using excitatory simulation.
  1008: ⟪ 351 characters skipped ⟫he learning process that has to go on with the implantable devices themselves, so for example, like, You brought up the the example of the cat like if you take a look at a cat and how you can sort of map the associations that occur within the cellular patterns that give you that visual representation of the cat how that is going to occur from one person to the neck does not necessarily gonna be identically you know what I mean, so when you start to when you start to, Let's say you you put the neural ink in and you map with the person's sailor firing patterns that associate with them staring at a cat and you take that exact same firing patterns and you stimulate that in another person.
  1077: I don't know the the paper you mentioned but there are many studies right now, um using what I said up to genetics. To detangle basically the role of specific connection between the cortical striatum and I make the last triadum and ETA in a place that comes prefrontal. I mean, this is being on being mapped out with opportunity and I think the only way to be precise because you can't really control with electric stimulation.
  1366: My name that the point is how people who work in this agencies so often complain about how they don't have access to top talent that's like apparel really really important to me. All right well, I mean, we're kind of I think we're kind of at the we're going way off topic here so the topic maybe I should recap the topic so yeah, we're just talking about neuralink and nementor in the massive overlap between the two mementos given us this sort of map for how our cortical columns are creating reference frames that reference the objects and and they can work together to represent everything we can see in here within our conscious work space right and then amenta so Nementa is going to be.
  1372: Detect create a map of of neurons that are firing within a 1,000 neuron radius or 140 micron radios and if you have like basically the way Ted Troy's work you can if you have multiple electrodes you can triangulate and if you have a lot of electrodes you can get high definition triangulation of of where the the neurons are firing and so allows you to figure out if you get it firing in the same area as a two different neurons or just one neuron or firing in two different areas is it just the same neuron or is it really two different neurons and the this kinds of this is?
  1466: A thousand brains theory and that the same idea applies to concept so just like mapping everything physical with different cortical columns with the thousands of them all over the place, but in the your your cortical columns are also tracking abstract ideas and a similar way and so you may have many different representations of the same idea and the protocols are helping to track the integrations of the different components, so there's like there's like in it and it's the structure of how that works is supposed to be similar to.
  1552: Types of newer and many different connections that they have. So they have like a detailed map of how these are connected but there's still a lot more details to figure out to see how exactly it works. So each of these columns has a similar. Connection to some other critical area, sorry brain areas, like as you said like played cells.
  1567: So an institution is one of the big companies also an institute invests in basic signs in the sense that when they do a research or when they map. The brain of bowels etc. They don't afford each project they don't look for how much business value it brings to them immediately.
  1624: But yeah it's it's great that we're using I think if for example find out how people make decisions and how brain state of people are in learning we can help in learning so already there is I'm a personally know about one application. I haven't used like for example QEG you might actually use key, I don't know but QEG already is useful in that because you can see like, At a very very long rough level but at least that's that rough map of activity of your brain at least tells you what the state of your brain is at least you'll know.
  1771: Decision I think it was decision mapping or decision theory a little bit on circuitry. I know it's an older paper but if you when you get a chance whenever just email me to my emails in the profile, but yeah, I'd love to look at that paper because I think there's a cross-correlation of what you just said what you are alluded to in what so I'll talk about on and I will pronounce in your name so hell correctly because I'm always doing that we're pronunciations but um, so my friend please I beg your forgiveness, but um, it's a matter of um in a multitasking should be.
  1786: Team. So can it so I suppose to procludes the possibility of just like the electrodes inserting into the brain. So to at least presently the magnetal several logarithmic is not cannot be is not to map the militarized enough to be able to to be able to insert it into penetrate something just so.

b0303y ctpr.txt:
  104: About the existential. Biologically. I think one of the most encouraging developments of AI that I've been paying attention to is in. Certainly relevant now with pandemic is virtually. And. Be certainly the ability of neural link to adapt and. Be able to provide the perfect companionship seems vastly, you know possible that that would be in the place to pick the exact voice tone that we wanted to hear to provide a face that exactly maps on.
  222: And trying to accelerate our understanding of the human mind and you know, I I kind of like it into the early the early 90s of the internet and how door links and and other brain waves. Mapping you know, FMRIS the over with the electrocardium of brain some other neuroscience because to speak more accurately to it, but putting all these things together and reading the science of our brain the human brains that feeding it back to us saying hey, you know.

b0305y.md:
  305: Have to like basically do the sort of high resolution mapping of the brain with all your microphones in the dark room again to figure out how they moved from the last time and it's really it's really just this is just it's just these are hard problems and. So I don't know what the with the with the solution is right now except that maybe they're gonna have to think about.

b0306y.md:
  111: And another reference frame which is a map of the world and both are valid but you end up with different sort of inferences and beliefs about causality depending on how your range of so it's not that there is one correct way, it can be multiple ways and there can be incorrect ways and this is why when it comes to knowledge that we can't directly observe things we can't physically touch we can end up with different beliefs about them because we can take the same facts and arrangement of different reference frame and come up with completely different beliefs about those facts, it's harder it's hard to have those different ways.
  331: I make the argument to intelligence is like having a little. More This is a lot of the world on its own It's kind of indifferent It's just a map that says okay I know how information I know what the world is like, here's my structure for the world and how it's used by other parts of the brain matter a lot.

b0307y.md:
  12: Right, right, right? So so I guess um, you're right those are two different two to very different things. So the main body of the book is in neuroscience and writing about different research that has been done and linking together ideas that people are perhaps not yet linking together in a public way, maybe they might be linking them together privately but I want to show basically a, Science-based neurology-based map of existing research, but combining some together some novel ideas in order to.
  30: ⟪ 283 characters skipped ⟫n to the you know in deep learning they have this thing it's called the perceptron which is the art the the concept of the artificial neural network, which was I think discovered in like this I think mapped out in like 1957 based upon a misconception.

b0308y.md:
  363: So that was a note that I made just for for the neurophysics group because one of the things I've done for the neurophysis group is like, you know talking about some of the some of the basically creating a map of some of the the the researchers who were made major who had a major impact in history.

b0310y.md:
  1236: Or of this whether the virus is within your finger or whatever so you've mapped the signature frequency of covet to a level of specificity or tolerance. That you can put something on your skin and then that is pre engineered to receive whatever you and you organize it to have or engineer it to have it can read that highly highly highly highly specific signature frequency.
  1381: And so by mapping some of these signals to something known as a space filling curve you preserve locality in that locality allows you to make certain estimations and extrapolations of the patterns that emerge so that that's that's what I would refer you to Defcon 26 Christopher Demoss X86 architecture.

b0311y.md:
   138: I think well, okay, so I think that I'm gonna use environmental exposure to either like intermittent hypoxia or something the model because I usually focus on the respiratory system so a model of. Mapping out basically but in order to get the mechanisms. I'm think I'm gonna have to LPS which is just a lipo polysaccharide which is for anyone that doesn't know it's a reproducible way to induce a known amount of inflammation into the system so basically you you inject that and then because it's big inflammatory response so I'll probably have to use LPS to get at the mechanisms and then do some sort of either on targeted mass back or proteomics or RNA seek to see which transmitters I should say inflammatory molecules are.
  1462: I mean, you know a handsome below is in the group maybe Hansen might have heard me respond, you know, there's it's very tricky with AI now, I mean, we have obviously people like mica and and many others who are. Trying to come at it trying to understand the neurology the the biophysics they're the you know, the nature of how the whole the whole brain works every aspect of it and hope to be able to map that and then there we have the neural link folks who are trying to tap into the brain and capture certain segments of it and we also have different AI scientists and mathematicians trying to map parts of the brain in a simulated fashion.
  1581: Well, I don't know. I don't know if something doesn't emerge. I don't know if it's emerged that's too simplified. I mean, I really attracted to the point but yeah, no, I think you're out. I mean, the pattern is a very useful metaphor right that the pattern and just our ability our brains are really to quickly interpret patterns and we start to map it out to bigger and you know, I totally get it.
  1698: Down a representation of your thoughts of what's something means, you know, like if you're creating maps creating signs you could you would begin to create a language despite yourself to remind yourself just just a reduced representation and and you know at some point, you know, like the great philosophers in in history.
  1713: When I look at old home movies with my siblings, it would be like a computer joining us and kind of create this phone mental mapping from a conversation with us. I'm trying to think of a practical application of something like that, but I mean, yeah, I mean, I it's sort of like that but it's also like if anybody saw that movie dust was a map does Mac in us.
  1746: It has to have some kind of a. In the case of something like, you know, abstract knowledge some kind of multi-dimensional body, which it uses a template. For mapping and synthesizing that information and giving it a kind of spatial multi-dimensional spatial understanding of what it knows what it doesn't know and what kind of information is out there.
  1758: Activated how you want it. You honestly. Yes, so with the stuff that deep minds doing with a lot of this kind of abstracts, language-based textual understanding and discovering information and conversing with humans. Having a machine without some kind of embodiment. It's missing a key component because the way we understand the world is through our bodies through our body maps how we relate to space and without that.
  1803: Of self of something that is the brain controls and. Medium through which experiences the environment is fundamental to cognition on a very general level. Now I so I don't agree with that. I'm sorry. I mean, like okay, it's how we form memories. I mean our spatial temporal like our body map it and how we our body relates the world.
  1815: It's not essential for memory formation. Remember formation is is is a happens everywhere in the neocortex and maybe everywhere in the brain but it's like, you know, it's been mapped out. It's been like you memory forms, you know, you know with with this process there's short term as long-term memory.
  1821: Mind to be able to interact with the world and then it forms representations about everything that it is excited it experiences and learns, so I mean it and the the just one component our body map, it's our body map and our environment. So how we relate to things in our environment how we determine spatial relationships, it's linked with differentials.
  1824: So I agree with you. Kyle is. I get I'm not a neuroscientist. I'm not too deep into the literature but I know I've come across several articles we can talk about how we form spatial temple memories and how we form those maps of environments and it goes beyond just the homunculus.

b0313y.md:
    23: I do agree but then this also puts the power and the parent set now the parent is able to kind of dictate where and what the child is going to be because they they know how to essentially like use their brain or map out their brain now like that's that's kind of what I'm coming from where it's like, where's the free will of the child kind of trying to decide because now from such a young age the parent is able to control the thought process and manipulate how the child's gonna be.
   374: ⟪ 978 characters skipped ⟫ly reading from you know, several hundred neurons and when you have many of them in a string you can do you can do things like you can you can apply you can basically create a really precise maybe 3d map a spatial map.
   434: I think is a little bit disingenuous because, We're still really at the capacity of really kind of like a super polygraph and that you can map a baseline and you can get a control that's related to some idea and then you can have the computer compare do the pattern recognition and apply control to that that is not decoding brain signals of someone in trying to identify what they're thinking is that is far from that in fact that leap is a near miracle.
   437: Now that's a strawman strumming that's all I'm literally looking about what is happening when you map your relativity and you store it and you use the machine recognition system to compare what is happening in real time and you're making a guess right but you're is not decoding brain signals and identifying the content of someone's thoughts that's what your statement is true, but it's a straw man because you're talking about what we've done in the past not what we're going to do with this new technology.
   455: I think what you might be. Talking about is associating the activity with an action or with a thought. I'm trying to get clarity around the term decode being brain signals and I'm saying that it's a map into store some interpretation into read into pattern recognize it is not decoding in the sense of putting something as somebody's head in reading their thoughts, so they could love to say like manuals point and this is a bit of the person knowledge but like for anyone who's hearing this discussion and is, Was relatively, you know new to these concepts I think manual raises a decent neurons point, which is this that if you're walking away thinking that it neuralink or this technology currently as it's you know, with the monkey video example, it's not reading the monkeys purest thoughts in terms of what it wants to do it's inferring it by training a neural net that every time these particular brain patterns are occurring in this part of the region the monkey seems to want to move the joystick in a certain.
   494: What what is the big difference of actually having an intracortical or an implantable electrode system or decoding actual neural signals and all that, you know, because we have so the neural signals are mapped into physical reality through the body and language and things like that so you we already have the ability to map facial expressions, you know, your habits what you write like Google is like analyzing everything you write in all your in all your emails all your searches.
   500: More than most people can fathom yes you can learn so much more yeah that's what I'm saying is like what does neural so that's what I'm just saying like we have the neural your brain is already mapped to the outside world, you know, that's your body and it's your voice and and what you see is it input and what you hear and it's like this is all available right because you don't need a brain computer in your case to do that the interface is the sense organs in the motor motor control, so that's I think that's the such a key point and it's, It's kind of related also kind of this whole ethical thing is like everyone talks about what's what are the ethics of of like what we can access and all that but like why don't we also talk about the ethics of that's actually currently happening which is breaking ethical and privacy guidelines yeah, so those are just some interesting can I say, can I say something about?
   518: A very good point, oh go ahead man, sorry thank you the resolution between I guess like a regular EEG device and neural link is astronomical nobody is debating that it's insane but it's still in the motor cortex and the mortar protects obviously is extremely favorable to mapping so that works perfectly for people who have I don't know people who.
   542: That signal which is more you know putting it to an action or a personality and then you need to map it into the person themselves for independent individual differences, so I think the ability for scale and which is why it is very cool with neural length being, you know very much with a lot of musking in the Tesla group.
   676: And if I wanted to say map all of say r2 or to r, you know r1 I can essentially using a modular system map all of r2 on r1 because i can split it into parts based on congruences there is essentially a linear tradeoff between harmony different term states i have and how accurate you know, i have to be if i have a single finite double as a variable type.
   736: And for each frame to get a frame of the movie at a rate that makes sense for that person to see that movie right and so if you can simulate many many neurons simultaneously, then that basically like each additional neuron or it. I mean at some point this like the amount of information you're transferring is multiplying per per per per each new unit of computation it's so you're speeding things up by doing things on but by map by sort of what's the term?
   742: Even like gives you an insight on how to use mathematical approximation just just for others in the room could you kind of help us I guess map out so based on what you just you guys discussed what what are there any upper limits to the way things are currently being designed and with that mean that there's certain applications that in order for us to unlock other technological breakthroughs need to occur could you guys maybe just translate that?
   750: Like like a network and and and so the neuroscientists Olaf sports he tries to use graft theory to to map those connections and to sort of figure out how they work and and and some of the things that some of the ideas of how the brain is network you yield that some of the research yielded something called the the discovery of the default brain network and which is another thing called the rich clubs and in these are like basically like the macroscopic structure.
   992: I mean the electrics that are put in for epilepsy surgery mapping. I'm always amazed when I see these and they go, you know, go going all the way across the brain and then they're taking out and don't leave scarring so I can't imagine today can I talk to the reason why there's no scarring is because they're there only for a limited time right so the when you do.
  1146: My understanding of how LSD is actually affects the brain is the similar to synesthesia rate where I believe that's the right term where it's essentially remapping the neural connection between the different senses and that's why people see they'll taste color or they will feel sound or something like that, they're neural pathways are basically not interchangeable but can be remapped.

b0314y.md:
  178: So, We would not typically do any EEG at the same time as a functional MRI with the magnitude of encephalography really we are mapping out brain activity. And we're we're reporting magnetic fields largely that are occurring throughout the brain and so you know, we're trying to do is is challenge a participant with a particular perceptual or cognitive challenge and localize where in the brain is that challenge mapping to with the most activity electromagnetic activity.

b0315y.md:
  415: ⟪ 344 characters skipped ⟫a system a chaotic system, so if you look at our brain of that chaotic system even down to that the quantum level of the things firing at such a level which for our current technology is very hard to map and predict and then above that you.
  461: That's not the electricity of the brain, it's not even it's not really even the the brain itself it's just it can move around and and and so we have we have. But you don't but but it's basically it's basically like it's not like information it's not like information theory it's not I mean it's not integrated information theory it's not global workspace theory it's it's not integrated map theory it's it's it's like virtual models theory right it's like virtual model there, yes.
  521: Relationships to the world to everything to reality there is a. There is a necessary process there in which paradoxes are being reconciled, you know impossible choices are being made sensitivities are being understood and it's really in that dynamic process that that meaning is sort of generated and and if you describe it as a process then you can also map it onto a spectrum or or more like a space like a color space there's a and so you can then talk about greater or less.
  527: Norm that's really like an offer is just kind of a way of describing it that seems to me to the you can map a lot of different descriptions onto that it seems to me and I when I ready and McGilchrist it was my first glimpse of feeling like ah this this actually might be the, Sort of theory of everything description that that all these different perspectives can.

b0316y.md:
  402: ⟪ 344 characters skipped ⟫a system a chaotic system, so if you look at our brain of that chaotic system even down to that the quantum level of the things firing at such a level which for our current technology is very hard to map and predict and then above that you.
  447: That's not the electricity of the brain, it's not even it's not really even the the brain itself it's just it can move around and and and so we have we have. But you don't but but it's basically it's basically like it's not like information it's not like information theory it's not I mean it's not integrated information theory it's not global workspace theory it's it's not integrated map theory it's it's it's like virtual models theory right it's like virtual model there, yes.
  507: Relationships to the world to everything to reality there is a. There is a necessary process there in which paradoxes are being reconciled, you know impossible choices are being made sensitivities are being understood and it's really in that dynamic process that that meaning is sort of generated and and if you describe it as a process then you can also map it onto a spectrum or or more like a space like a color space there's a and so you can then talk about greater or less.
  513: Norm that's really like an offer is just kind of a way of describing it that seems to me to the you can map a lot of different descriptions onto that it seems to me and I when I ready and McGilchrist it was my first glimpse of feeling like ah this this actually might be the, Sort of theory of everything description that that all these different perspectives can.

b0318y.md:
  605: I think I think you were talking about wave functioning collapse right yes. I'm talking about a bass function called maps basically means you have one description of the universe as a wave function that changes certainly include the universe as discrete events and states exactly as that propagate through time space and bi observation it collapses into states, so we have this app our universe as a quantum system that can exist and superposition of states and this superposition is described by this wake function of the Universe of space-time and the act of observation causes this vape function to collapse one of these many possible states or superposition of possible states that we have.

b0319y.md:
  405: ⟪ 344 characters skipped ⟫a system a chaotic system, so if you look at our brain of that chaotic system even down to that the quantum level of the things firing at such a level which for our current technology is very hard to map and predict and then above that you.
  451: That's not the electricity of the brain, it's not even it's not really even the the brain itself it's just it can move around and and and so we have we have. But you don't but but it's basically it's basically like it's not like information it's not like information theory it's not I mean it's not integrated information theory it's not global workspace theory it's it's not integrated map theory it's it's it's like virtual models theory right it's like virtual model there, yes.
  511: Relationships to the world to everything to reality there is a. There is a necessary process there in which paradoxes are being reconciled, you know impossible choices are being made sensitivities are being understood and it's really in that dynamic process that that meaning is sort of generated and and if you describe it as a process then you can also map it onto a spectrum or or more like a space like a color space there's a and so you can then talk 
  518: Norm that's really like an offer is just kind of a way of describing it that seems to me to the you can map a lot of different descriptions onto that it seems to me and I when I ready and McGilchrist it was my first glimpse of feeling like ah this this actually might be the, Sort of theory of everything description that that all these different perspectives can.

b0321y.md:
  76: Right, right, but when you guys talk about accuracy, are you guys talking about the mapping? I or the error rate of the intention of the user to the computer decoding. The actual command is that where you're talking about when you talk about accuracy? Because I don't see how the accuracy is increased by using both effner's and EEG in this paper.

b0322y.md:
    14: I think one of the most common one is called the Utah array it's like a hundred by hundred electrode that's actually jabbed into the brain so you would caught you would have the associated like some of these associated problems like for example having the brain. But what the neuralink does is that you're able to map out where the brain at least what the vessels are so they can implant their electrodes in a more careful manner and if you look at their electro design, they're actually designed to certain situate that they can minimize impedance so that's one of the bigger issues one of your design electrodes so if you minimize those I don't know if if there is anybody that has worked on neuroscience that you use these very fine fibers called tetrahodes and they have excellent resolution when it comes to decoding the single neuron input.
    85: The possibility that for instance patrons could find the place where they're supposed to go without having a map even when this place is. On wheels and is moved and so he set out to perform the same experiment and then over a long period he basically tried to break pigeons and make experiments with them, but they always pay out because something happened to the pigeons and honestly describes these experiments and this particular part never worked.
   208: If a three-dimensional being like yourself where to push that two-dimensional being out of the plane. Into the world of three dimensions, maybe able to look down on their former home two-dimensional plane and they could actually see like. You know, this map-like view of their world that they didn't even make was physically possible and would completely change their outlook what's the fact of matter is it's entirely possible that you're getting information from the fourth dimension of time, well we perceive this time.
   454: ⟪ 301 characters skipped ⟫eometric unity.org yep, okay, thanks yeah, so it's available there but Eric's theory is really interesting because what essentially says that space time is not fundamental, it's actually a projection map of this 14 dimensional space where all these other different field theories are.
   691: I am also creative so you're mapping it your imagining a conflict between something else in yourself and and what I'm saying is there's not there's not too if not it's not there's not to it's not you versus something else it it the it's a co-creation between the the the oneself that is both to you and something else at the same time.
   793: So the world that we experience has I guess. I'm yeah, I'm getting I kind of get what you are saying but a pixel is a numeric representation on a map, but if we. Do drawing that is like we don't go to photoshop but we go to to do illustrator everything we doing illustrator or that 3d graphic program has formulas behind doesn't it how does interact are all if it interests at all with your mother or yeah yeah, yeah, that's that's good connection, um, you know, imagine you're in Photoshop that we photoshop and you want to blur everything in your photo.
   832: It's great. Have you looked at the last technology for video conference? That Nvidia has. No, I haven't. Okay in order to maximize bandwidth and make a video conference in possible at low when we think everywhere Nvidia Generates a bit map of the person's talking same that the the image just one map to the person with a listening or receiving the the communication and then begins recreating the interaction by animation.
   838: So this technique allows for the image the on the on the other side to to look at the other person over there to the eye. So it's like a deep a real time deep fake where only the the basic. Mapping of the movements are are transmitted not the whole deep map.
   841: In the same way if we have a photochope a face a photograph of a face and we throw the same thing in illustrator or a 3D program. The vector base version is much more efficient by me, the the photo can be 24 megabytes or whatever and the, Better base can be one megabyte or less There is a is much more efficient that way how that maps with what you are doing.
   844: If it maps are always that can you expand here from the UK if I can jump into two seconds just a little everybody know. I've just tweeted a very good two minute huge box a bit more than two minutes but a YouTube video about exactly that by the fire channel called two minute papers and it's fascinating and that method of not only straightening your face so you look like you're looking in the camera, but compressing the cool down to what is essential.
  1060: ⟪ 293 characters skipped ⟫t it will open up to like we're learning more and more about information and what information is and so the more we can back away from the physical representation of the world in our in our cognitive map inside our heads to informational one.
  1144: ⟪ 328 characters skipped ⟫pliment and it doesn't really land on for us because we can't really hear it because we're already identifying with something different so I think that that it's a way in which we we have a cognitive map of ourselves and of the universe around us that doesn't reflect reality and that Don Hoffman probably agree that it's not our cognitive maps are not designed for reality, they're truth, they're designed for fitness, whatever makes us able to survive longer, but I think that we can benefit from aligning.
  1147: Our cognitive maps with reality and that's like Ben was saying to learn from it learn from other people's perceptions of you, you know, someone gives you feedback and you can really see through their eyes how you are being perceived that that can that can be not all the time but can be helpful to decompose some of our own self-perceptions that may not be accurate.

b0323y.md:
  255: I mean a lot of these arguments could also be like metaphors for what you know is going on inside people's brains trying to you know, they just hope this whole the simulation hypothesis could be born out of someone's curiosity about you know, how this civilization will end and we're sort of like metaphorically mapping that to some alien race but it's just a it's just a reference to some abstract entity inside someone's mind I guessed in order to disown their own curiosity.

b0324y.md:
    39: ⟪ 746 characters skipped ⟫ar anxiety but maybe in effect if we subscribe to that physiological model of emotions that it's really just the inner subjective experience of a range of physiological changes that we could actually map out each physiological.
    51: I think it will be. Probably one of those like hallmark papers I was done in humans and it was the end of one however what they managed should do, they implanted multiple stimulating electrodes and a human this was a patient who was undergoing deep brain regulation for depression and so they placed a stimulating electrodes at different parts of the brain and they essentially mapped out almost in the way that we looked we think of old, you know, cortical mappings of you know, functional anatomic relationships, but they did this.
   447: Research are just you know they don't map to each other and so maybe what people are experiencing is just they're kind of accessing some lower level machinery of their own brain but they're not unable to make any sense of it and it feels like like some kind of, you know extraterrestrial in their head right then I guess the way I think about what you're doing is if you if you take this sort of idea, I'm not sure I mean when my nasa says macro I guess I think of like a higher levels of abstraction kind of structural obstructions and maybe they sort of many different layers abstractions and talk about abstractions kind of going out of their activity and course that Higher level abstraction more differently so it is sort of a larger kit as they scale construct but then if you imagine that these there are activity clothes that are carrying information moving around the brain and activity networks or you know, forward and backward propagation that if psychedelics are sort of modulating the flow that information or causing inform
  1485: But what will be the result the effect like dopamine is restless legs, it's an idol since it's yeah. Um, yeah, so, um, I. Think the this raises good question on whether AI could ever possibly reach the point of being technically quote-unquote human consciousness, if that makes sense it least like a mapping out like a neural network to match human consciousness would not necessarily be quite it.
  1587: Point is. So definition of the consciousness that I heard maybe I don't know if it's correctly it's correct me from wrong so the summation of what you say is basically consciousness is your inner 40 representation of your environment in the temporal representation and spatial basically you're mapping your environment and everything that happened with you before as a as a images the patterns inside of you but.
  1590: I would add to that is not only that but also how do you actually react to those representations that makes you conscious because everyone everyone has their own mappings of the reality of the representations among around them to themselves, however they have a very different actions basically patterns of reaction to the events that is happening around them, so that is really reminiscent of reinforcement learning in a way that a different agents.
  1599: Agree to. I'm interested in what you're talking about regarding this 4d idea. Of mapping the brain temperate temporally and and as spatially so I imagine almost having the neurons and somehow if possible because we don't know if it seems very impossible having the neurotransmitters and hormones and getting those mapped temporally as well as spatially in terms of like just like basically getting mathematical analyses of.
  1611: Okay I'll just go really crackle in terms of mapping there's a lot of like maps already within our brain like for retinal topic right so meadow topic for all the somatosensory visual and auditory and so forth there are like maps that like predicts such and there's also like a lot of studies within neuroscience to show that like they can they can predict like when an action potential fire within a neuron just from like long-term potential potentiation a long-term depression studies to like reinforce certain behaviors or like to predict like how a person will react on a subconscious like, There's like a Wisconsin card sorting task to predict like how like people can be able to like predict like certain like if the task let's say was like we want you to group these cards by color versus by shapes and they're like what is going on at this task like what is the experimenter doing like people are able to subconsciously pick up like like cues or like the pattern way before they can explicitly say what's going on and they sound like yeah, so they've done this with poker games and like a lot of different types of subconscious tests, like we we pick up.
  1614: Patterns faster than we can like consciously articulate so forth. So I do I'm not too sure of what your question is, but I think it's like already been done and like the 40 mapping part. Oh, no. I mean, they're like the full. Like, oh consciousness, um, once we're able to get to that point of mapping.
  1617: Consciousness if possible. It is still question, whether it is possible. I I do think. It is possible to figure out that the correlate like the neural correlates of consciousness, although I do wonder on whether is possible to map out. The. Sort of what's what's the explanatory gap explanation of consciousness like of what it looks like to exist or what it what it looks like to be a human kind of written out mathematically and in scientific notation.
  1689: I think those kind of experiences are okay. Julia, oh I just said I wanted to go after Roberta because I think a Roberto wasn't like I was just there. I've heard it defined as a just a deformation of of your body. Though the the map that your brain is making of the boundaries of your body getting to formed.

b0328y.md:
    8: I think that the protein folding situation with Alpha Go with using a neural network to discover to, basically create a map between gene sequences and the 3D shapes that can be produced by proteins is a big step forward, obviously that has to continue to where we can understand what cellular communication sequences at the genetic level can lead to the formation of specific receptor shapes, specific cell types. This is this is massive future work that has to be, we're going to need even bigger computer systems than we have today to sort of like get to the point where we can you know, have have a neural network basically discover a point by point. What are all the messages that cells need to communicate to go from, you know, basically taking the existing to genetic code and building a person out of that code. Because all of that has to do with basically unlocking these cellular functions through the communication between cells.
   12: And there could be some like really profound discoveries ahead of us in the near term by using artificial neural networks. To accelerate research in biology. So that the computer can look for basically patterns and in a way that is just sort of tireless compared to, you know, human researchers needing to try to figure out things because they're like automating the process of looking for for patterns that help us to map cellular functions & misfunctions.
  343: And and, and heart disease and aging all at once, like it, I like maybe it's it's gonna come down to once. We've once this has been figured out and mapped out that there will be some sort of like T cell therapy. That possible one of the problems is, I tend to think that from what I've been reading that is probably a lot of different microbes and so if you try to do the antimicrobial route, it might be difficult because it may not be that all of them would respond.

c0000x.md:
  184: c0088x/ in a thousand brains theory you have many self similar copies of the same brain activity distributed in many areas, this idea is supported in link to study about memories "A SIngle memory is stored across many connected brain regions " paper "Brain-wide mapping reveals that engrams for a single memory are distributed across multiple brain regions"
  222: c0107x/ Section Title Functional Anatomy Map
  238: c0115x/ Anna-Ganglia Sensor Input Arrays: Eyes, Ears, Touch (Mechanoreceptors), Taste, Smell and how they map to the different parts of the brain.
  419: Inhibition maps (Buzsaki) the brain as a neural network signal processor
  593: Maps of Reality: Thresholds of the Mind, Chaos, Reorganization, Philosophy of the Brain, Mind & Self, Spiral Dynamics

c0001x:
   23: Section Title Functional Anatomy Map
   25: Ganglia Sensor Input Arrays: Eyes, Ears, Touch (Mechanoreceptors), Taste, Smell and how they map to the different parts of the brain.
  101: Inhibition maps (Buzsaki) the brain as a neural network signal processor
  138: Maps of Reality: Thresholds of the Mind, Chaos, Reorganization, Philosophy of the Brain, Mind & Self, Spiral Dynamics

map.amplitude.md:
    3: map.amplitude.md
  424: map.gravity.md:
  427: map.napot.md:
  431: map.tomography.md:
  434: map.wiki.home.md:

map.book.md:
     3: map.book.md
    18:   21: I skimmed the article a little bit. Confidentially what I am writing about in my book is how the brains molecular structure creates conscious maps of reality with frequencies, the frequencies interact with each other, but the same molecular structure that produced these frequencies is required to experience these frequencies. I am going to show from atoms to organs, from electrons to neural circuits, how consciousness works. but NDE Near Death Experiences I think have to be compared to DMT experiences, I think, in terms of thalamic bridge modulations, or in other words both NDE and DMT are taking place inside the human brain the entire time, even if we are experiencing leaving our body or traveling to other realms of existence
    31:   60: This book is about starting a conversation not ending them, I wanted these to be in print however before I began to distribute them. In part because I want to make it easier for other people to reference all the ideas for discussion, and learn about adjacent ideas, to save myself time from creating a new map for each person one at a time.
    32:   62: The book is a map between ideas across books, papers, videos, but also its a book about ideas across industries from the fields of neuroscience, neurology, neurophysics, computational biology, deep learning.
    80:    3: This map needs to be completely redone, but this was one of the ideas for how to organize the notes into the book. I do not yet know how to fix the formatting on github, but what I might do is provide a link to a Google Doc that contains a link back to the github so the back up is on Github the formatted version is on Google Docs.
   203:   153: So if it turns out that I am not correct about some of the key components of how the human brain works the book should still have a lot of value to offer the interested reader in terms of the information it brings together, all the references, the links & analogies I make between different topics in different industries, and the mapping of major research efforts, major companies, major articles, major books, major new emerging technologies, and so on with my notes on all of that.
   239:    7: Applying a region based map of brain roles to the brain could be what György Buzsáki calls the Brain from Outside In (matching observation to a concept instead of creating a new concept from observation.) György Buzsáki's book "The Brain from Inside Out" contradicts the typical "Outside-In" process of applying our models to the brain, instead of creating models from the brain.
   377:   352: Since some of Facebook’s servers are located inside the United States we can logically deduce from facts, including many news reports, that the US Government is using Facebook messenger to spy on other countries and also all Americans who have conversations with people who live in other countries which is almost all Americans. The US Government can then map and study the relationships of all these Facebook friendships, and they have the option to study your private conversations with the aid of computer automation and analysis tools.
   440:   60: If you read the book "A Thousand Brains by Jeff Hawkins" you realize that motor control isn't happening in one region of the brain it's happening in every cortical column across the entire brain. That's just one way that this map is actually incorrect.
   687:   5: MyBook5 / MindMapKey / IAmAVortex / HowCatsHunt
  1173:   45: So the mind map is like, okay, so start with that summary to, these are all the low level pieces that connect to this bigger picture. And that's what the book is about, is a book is. Okay, so this is the hypothesis and then these are the pieces that add up to the hypothesis.
  1350:   12: Right, right, right? So so I guess um, you're right those are two different two to very different things. So the main body of the book is in neuroscience and writing about different research that has been done and linking together ideas that people are perhaps not yet linking together in a public way, maybe they might be linking them together privately but I want to show basically a, Science-based neurology-based map of existing research, but combining some together some novel ideas in order to.
  1546: map.fractal.md:
  1553: map.gravity.md:
  1569: map.napot.md:
  1575: map.tomography.md:
  1580: map.wiki.home.md:
  1592:   118: And what travels between is, is our chemical activations. That can trick ourselves further down the line. But what you don't see in all these textbooks neuroscience is the really complex mappings between all the neurons. So, this is like this, right here, represents this right here and this is the dendress, the generic could activate something.
  1664:   170: ⟪ 574 characters skipped ⟫ reorganizes the existing content in a mind blowingly insightful way, or create mind maps, artwork, spreadsheets, diagrams, and cite mountains of research for or against any of the proposals in these book notes and such contributions might be considered worthy of inclusion.
  1666:   183: The table of contents + the map of notes are supposed to help organize the content in the notes into the final book due out November 17th 2022.
  1667:   185: I would love it if enthusiastic people wanted to donate their time to helping to organize the content of the book, finishing the map of the notes, helping me to improve the table of contents, and working with me in dialog to flesh out certain ideas that might be unclear, and helping me fix mistakes in my notes.
  1669:   202: To figure out how I am going to organize these notes search for the phrase "book contents" "table of contents" and the word "map"

map.density.md:
    3: map.density.md
   81:   35: Factory automation is exciting - but how about space debris mapping? This sounds a bit, well, spacey, but it is a real problem considering that we have been sending people and equipment into space since the 1960s. There are ~1M estimated pieces of human-created debris in space, in sizes ranging from 1 cm to several meters. These continue to multiply as collisions occur, creating what is known as the Kessler Syndrome which posits that “the density of objects in low Earth orbit (LEO) due to space pollution is high enough that collisions between objects could cause a cascade in which each collision generates space debris that increases the likelihood of further collisions.” Currently, only about 5% of the ~1M debris objects are mapped and tracked. The implications of this are immense since it constrains the launch of future vehicles (imagine space tourism and billionaires sipping cocktails in a hail of debris!) for various space exploration efforts.
   84:   102:         - It's built on a couple key pillars. Like high density electro (down the road magnetic also) imaging, whole brain computational modelling, cellular level model of psychiatric states and pharmalogical interactions, and mapping neurotransmitter effects during sleep cycles? what is our deliverable? what we are hoping to offer people? What our value proposition, individuals would pay $1000. Oh Morgan everything you are saying is right but its too much data to collect, too complicated in analysis pipeline, 
  234: map.fractal.md:
  238: map.gravity.md:
  246: map.tomography.md:
  249: map.wiki.home.md:

map.fractal.md:
    1: map.fractal.md
   68:   44: # Add to Cosmos Fractal Map
  118: ⟪ 1257 characters skipped ⟫e mathematical calculation. So you are not your brain, and yet all that you know about your real self is from a model in your brain. A model that is wholly informed by you, always being an incomplete map of you, never the whole reality of how amazing you are.
  127: ⟪ 509 characters skipped ⟫ce and 1 of time) soliton wave form that neurons on the receiving end will use to compile their own picture or potentially a 4 dimensional pattern representation of what signals were transmitted that maps, correlates,  crafts, produces and transmits more such combinations of soliton wave transmissions. If this is true then a neural firing sequence in the auditory cortex could represent a musical note at each interval, or at the firing of each neuron, that is then detected or observed by
  159: ⟪ 968 characters skipped ⟫ole of what you're perceiving. All that you know about your real self is from a model in your brain. A model that is wholly informed by the real you, while at the same time always being an incomplete map of you, never the whole reality of how amazing you are. Eternally expanding, and forever inc
  336:     7: (this note then links to the map on fractals with medical imagining, to illustrate that the telescopic effect is being found with patterns that repeat in the brain at multiple scales)
  468: map.napot.md:
  472: map.start.intro.fractal.md:
  505: map.wiki.home.md:

map.frequency.md:
     3: map.frequency.md
   284:   115: “I’m not a Functionalist exactly but close. The state of knowledge is going be directly related to its function. The parameters of the frequency and spatial mapping of information in a mind are going to effect the functionality of it, and that includes the internal functions of internal representations.”
   297:   315: ⟪ 828 characters skipped ⟫ckness map separately from the input image, which allows a more accuracy reconstruction result.” https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/papers/Shen_3D_Shape_Reconstruction_From_Images_in_the_Frequency_Domain_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf?fbclid=IwAR32vXasRpZ3yWNs4TkKW5nxuL_FDMx90iho3bUFJXIvXldJtkCSt5dNHuU
   670:   101: It's that by the, it's different, it's it different in the face field, right? So color is a different frequency, but the frequency is to your brain, is just a difference, relative to everything else. And so, your brain has this sort of like, mental map of functions that are sort of, sort of rendering color based upon the comparison of contrasts and a phase field, right?
   695:   7: And, I'm very correlated to began the mapping of the the variations between part and between the heart frequency and frequency. The influence of new summation on your brain is is it seems like that might be inhibiting brain activity? Like maybe it's maybe inflammation as particles actually somehow, you know, slow down the delivery of blood or, you know, blood oxygen or maybe a, I don't know.
   952:    930: Easily so we you know, we all are more complicated than we realize and you can you know, you can do a lot of work finding out and tracking and mapping these um inhibitory pathways and excited to pathways and because obviously if you stimulate with high frequency and inhibitory pathway, you're actually then inhibiting that part of the brain even though you're using excitatory simulation.
   987:   1236: Or of this whether the virus is within your finger or whatever so you've mapped the signature frequency of covet to a level of specificity or tolerance. That you can put something on your skin and then that is pre engineered to receive whatever you and you organize it to have or engineer it to have it can read that highly highly highly highly specific signature frequency.
  1087: map.fractal.md:
  1099: map.gravity.md:
  1107: map.napot.md:
  1112: map.start.intro.fractal.md:
  1115: map.tomography.md:
  1124: map.wiki.home.md:

map.gravity.md:
    1: map.gravity.md
   11:   58: The relationship between the electron and the magnetic field might be similar to the relationship between earth and its gravity/time dilation field. Explore & research the analogy further, add to the Gravity note map.
  294:   108: That is sort of keeping this stuff here, which is interesting because it's, it's like it's supposed to be that gravity is keeping your stuff. Here gravity is just the curvature space and space cars around the maps. And the mass is creating an electric field, an election, magnet field That and in, in the electromagnetic field is curving away at the sun's ejection, but it should be, right?
  358: map.fractal.extended.md:
  362: map.start.intro.gravity:
  364:    4: Gravity Map - A map to all the notes that mention Gravity.
  370: map.wiki.home.md:

map.magnitude.md:
    3: map.magnitude.md
  174:   178: So, We would not typically do any EEG at the same time as a functional MRI with the magnitude of encephalography really we are mapping out brain activity. And we're we're reporting magnetic fields largely that are occurring throughout the brain and so you know, we're trying to do is is challenge a participant with a particular perceptual or cognitive challenge and localize where in the brain is that challenge mapping to with the most activity electromagnetic activity.
  203: map.amplitude.md:
  224: map.book.md:
  228: map.density.md:
  232: map.fractal.md:
  239: map.frequency.md:
  284: map.magnitude.md:
  368:   351:   178: So, We would not typically do any EEG at the same time as a functional MRI with the magnitude of encephalography really we are mapping out brain activity. And we're we're reporting magnetic fields largely that are occurring throughout the brain and so you know, we're trying to do is is challenge a participant with a particular perceptual or cognitive challenge and localize where in the brain is that challenge mapping to with the most activity electromagnetic activity.
  468: map.mass.md:
  479: map.napot.md:
  482: map.start.intro.fractal.md:
  485: map.wiki.home.md:

map.mass.md:
    3: map.mass.md
   68:   9: I love describing neuro-anatomy in differential calculus for all the ordinary people I meet everyday. I like the sense of other people, especially happiness, love, friendship, kindness, connection. I like the sense of words, concepts, concept maps, mind maps, uniting the flickering of dendrites firing action potentials and neurotransmitters backwards into a synapse, a massive expansion of complexity missed by the early Artifical Neural Network ie Artificial Intelligence oversimplification of what neurons do. I love the sense of discovery, especially discovering something new that changes my world view. I love the sense of gratitude and humility for all the wonderful people I am privileged to be connected to. :) I love the sense of participating, and sharing in a conversation or dialog, to appreciate an important part of what makes us human, our sense of the world from all of our senses :)  
  179:   619: Plasmapay: DeFi for The Masses
  180:   622: PPAY (PlasmaPay): DeFi For The Masses
  329:   39: Also in Haskel you could have the eighty core processor calculate each section of a massive category theory defined mind map representing a neocortical column completely out of order and still return the right result.
  531:   108: That is sort of keeping this stuff here, which is interesting because it's, it's like it's supposed to be that gravity is keeping your stuff. Here gravity is just the curvature space and space cars around the maps. And the mass is creating an electric field, an election, magnet field That and in, in the electromagnetic field is curving away at the sun's ejection, but it should be, right?
  577:   1366: My name that the point is how people who work in this agencies so often complain about how they don't have access to top talent that's like apparel really really important to me. All right well, I mean, we're kind of I think we're kind of at the we're going way off topic here so the topic maybe I should recap the topic so yeah, we're just talking about neuralink and nementor in the massive overlap between the two mementos given us this sort of map for how our cortical columns are creating reference frames that reference the objects and and they can work together to represent everything we can see in here within our conscious work space right and then amenta so Nementa is going to be.
  667:   8: I think that the protein folding situation with Alpha Go with using a neural network to discover to, basically create a map between gene sequences and the 3D shapes that can be produced by proteins is a big step forward, obviously that has to continue to where we can understand what cellular communication sequences at the genetic level can lead to the formation of specific receptor shapes, specific cell types. This is this is massive future work that has to be, we're going to need even bigger computer systems than we have today to sort of like get to the point where we can you know, have have a neural network basically discover a point by point. What are all the messages that cells need to communicate to go from, you know, basically taking the existing to genetic code and building a person out of that code. Because all of that has to do with basically unlocking these cellular functions through the communication between cells.
  676: map.fractal.md:
  683: map.gravity.md:
  706:   292:   108: That is sort of keeping this stuff here, which is interesting because it's, it's like it's supposed to be that gravity is keeping your stuff. Here gravity is just the curvature space and space cars around the maps. And the mass is creating an electric field, an election, magnet field That and in, in the electromagnetic field is curving away at the sun's ejection, but it should be, right?
  715: map.start.intro.fractal.md:
  718: map.start.intro.gravity:
  721: map.tomography.md:
  724: map.wiki.home.md:

map.napot.md:
    1: map.napot.md (maps connect notes together and are intended to be back ups of the wiki doc)
    9: This note is a map to most of the notes that mention NAPOT in some form, but it is not a complete map to all of the notes that support the idea, because some of the supporting notes do not mention the terminology specifically, and some of the notes predate the acronym.
  129: a0238z "Synaptic Unreliability article & The Flow of Information in the Brain map" https://github.com/v5ma/selfawarenetworks/blob/main/a0238z.md

map.start.intro.fractal.md:
  56: In a thousand brains theory you have many self similar copies of the same brain activity distributed in many areas, this idea is supported in link to study about memories "A SIngle memory is stored across many connected brain regions " paper "Brain-wide mapping reveals that engrams for a single memory are distributed across multiple brain regions"

map.start.intro.gravity:
  4: Gravity Map - A map to all the notes that mention Gravity.

map.tomography.md:
    1: map.tomography.md
    6:   48: Essentially the computer can do neural imaging tomography to create a 3D map of the oscillating structure of the human mind, predicting the entire oscillating structure with neural oscillation tomography.
   58:   123: the TMS-EEG recordings are an example of artificial stimulus recording that is creating an image map from the brains responses, but with neural oscillation tomography we know that we are looking to reconstruct the synaptic structure at each moment in time by inference
   94:   16: Function mapping with Neural Tomography
  277: map.napot.md:
  291: map.wiki.home.md:

map.wiki.home.md:
    1: map.wiki.home
    2: Note: Every text file that starts with map is essentially a time stamped back up of a wiki page, I don't know if the wikipages have visible time stamps or not, but the text files in the general repositories do, this is about making sure that my work is protected as published material.
  216: Section Title Functional Anatomy Map
  232: (Reference to the conversation with Anna) Ganglia Sensor Input Arrays: Eyes, Ears, Touch (Mechanoreceptors), Taste, Smell and how they map to the different parts of the brain.
  415: Inhibition maps (Buzsaki) the brain as a neural network signal processor
  589: Maps of Reality: Thresholds of the Mind, Chaos, Reorganization, Philosophy of the Brain, Mind & Self, Spiral Dynamics

nlp nervegear:
   54: It's in its concepts are how all the wines and edges connect at a higher level in the hierarchy of the network and so that. So basically you can see the basis of a concept for an artificial neural network is all of the is the map of associations between all the lower level bits that come in through the base of the network or the sensors.
  102: This activity has been mapped. It kind of suggests that our brains neurons are lighting up, and it is a kind of suggests the electromagnetism that are in our neurons are activated by electromagnetic system. And the point that I like bringing up is that, you know, maybe because we have these, we have our dendrite.
  118: And what travels between is, is our chemical activations. That can trick ourselves further down the line. But what you don't see in all these textbooks neuroscience is the really complex mappings between all the neurons. So, this is like this, right here, represents this right here and this is the dendress, the generic could activate something.
  154: And you can the sensor. It's like a light field sensor before electromagnetism and you can configure it for. So, you can notice the orange point of a brain that you can predict camera for electric, for, for brains. And then, if you can map the signals coming from the analyst, then you have the signals before they get more broadly distributed, across new cortex would be where.
  156: And so, which interesting is about the dominance is that nonemergency go into your, you know, cortex. It goes through the thousand. Neo cortex and just, you know, all the semantic map is all over the place but that's stuff is a big feedback. Looks back into town. It's like the thomas is like the the bottom and the top of the pyramid and brains like a big feedback loop.

nlp s2e3 optical:
  112: And so you see that in this kind of test of that technique. So you see this boost of activity and the left visual cortex when you stimulate the right visual field and place, there's a see if you can use it as a way to map brain activity, which have been used for a while and this is pretty old.

nlp2:
  44: I mean you have there's their maps of the brand that dividend places like Berkeley where they say. You know, you're a concept of a cat and a dog has more neural correlates over in this region of the brain. Which I'm doing another hand gastro, so it's like, I'm pointing to one part of my head and then you have another concept of a house and a motorcycle, which is gonna be in a different region of the head.

nlp4:
   22: And so the lower levels of the hierarchy would just focus on the lines and edges, and a little bit and at a higher level, you turn the blinds edges into the computer recognize as a content because it's it's just something wrong, it's bad. And then at a higher level of the network you have the computer begins put together the concept of eyes or, or words or, you know, it's just it's just it's basically a map of the associations of the minds and edges that, but at a higher level it you computer.
  114: I mean you could calculate the the oh whatever you could calculate, you can do some something like tensor confidence on it, you know, just got the map all the ions within a specific field that you decide to focus on with your sensors, which you could also do something like this with EEG or energy.

nlp5:
  136: So we talk about this on the podcast like how my work and what are the one, the big ideas, okay? So I'm thinking it is, if you can apply, if you can get like live data of like let's say, you're your imaging. You're using some sort of imaging where you're creating like a tensor field, map of the ionic tropic rain, you know, all the electromagnetic waves going through space and you, you have AI watching it and it's looking for patterns, let's just unsupervised because you can't really label that.
  138: But then you have another AI like the self-harming car that's as it's doing like, you know, light are and all these different cameras and it's mapping. It's identifying all the objects in the room, and then you, you need to correlate. Like you know this is this plate has, you know, you have all these, the AI access, all these different lines and edges add up to this concept of the plate and at the same time until you have an the other AI is looking at the neural ports because beyond an temp special brainwave patterns and is saying this pattern matches that pattern.

README.md:
    9: The video covers this new note map https://github.com/v5ma/selfawarenetworks/blob/main/map.napot.md
  172: ⟪ 459 characters skipped ⟫tes through the grammar & spelling check in Google Docs and submit that, I can do that. Do something that radically reorganizes the existing content in a mind blowingly insightful way, or create mind maps, artwork, spreadsheets, diagrams, and cite mountains of research for or against any of the proposals in these book notes and such contributions might be considered worthy of inclusion.
  180: Note a0030z contains an early attempt at creating a map of the notes, and another note a0616z, however a0616z is now a backup representing an early example of an early attempt to create a table of contents.
  185: The table of contents + the map of notes are supposed to help organize the content in the notes into the final book due out November 17th 2022.
  187: I would love it if enthusiastic people wanted to donate their time to helping to organize the content of the book, finishing the map of the notes, helping me to improve the table of contents, and working with me in dialog to flesh out certain ideas that might be unclear, and helping me fix mistakes in my notes.
  204: To figure out how I am going to organize these notes search for the phrase "book contents" "table of contents" and the word "map"
