b0200y ctpr

edited out a lot: This particular note is pretty unclear, not sure it's relevant to the book or not.

(audio transcription needs to be fixed)

00:00

a continuation of 200 years of neuroscience from from Kajal and, you know, the in to in the 1800s who and remote control and remote, like the neuroscientists that that they started like creating these really fancy drawings of neurons, and the brain, sort of diagram out what was going on when they're all activity and we had that in the beginning, 200 years ago, the beginning of neuroscience sort of like these drawings of neurons and it sort of like guesswork of brain function is the beginning of the guesswork or brain function and the beginning of the scientific research of trying to tinker with the brain, and test the brain and scan the brain, and cut into their brain and stimulate the brain, and and measure brain cycles to try to decode the brain.

17:56

And so you know, at some point we had, you know, hands burger, who he what he wanted to see if brain waves. He wanted to read brain waves and so he he devised the first EEG experiments because he wanted to see if brain waves were the method through which telepathy was made possible.

18:22

And and at some point, you know, his through his analysis of EEG, he had to come to the conclusion that the brain was not a good candidate for telepathy. Because they're very because that because they don't travel very far. They have the they have a short range, right? And they are such a short range that you need to put your sensors close.

18:52

And if you can put sensors outside the school, you know, but it's but the signals even better if you get inside the school. And so, we went from so the field of science went from like, okay, we've got non evasive sensors outside the school and at some point, you know, you know, brain surgery was was so difficult in the beginning.

19:18

That the first 10, the first 10 years of brain surgery, there weren't any patients that survived. Because every time scientists cut into the brain, they're they're cutting through blood vessels and patients would bleed to death and no matter where you cut your cutting into blood vests.

19:40

Yeah. And so that is the sad factor of brain surgery. Is that for the first 10 years, no one to had brains or tree survived and and eventually they figured out how to do brain surgery without killing patients. But it took 10 years, okay? And and then at some point.

20:06

Okay. Now wait a second. This brain surgery is extremely dangerous and we don't want to open up the brain for any reason unless we have to because it's so dangerous because you because cutting blood vessels is such a serious thing. And but but but but then we started to have, you know, people who have, you know, they came up with surgeries that were absolutely necessary.

20:36

Like people who had really bad experiences with epilepsy, sometimes you need to have a brain surgery to deal with to help them help treat their epilepsy and during those times a scientist said, okay well if we're going to do experiments on the brain with with electrons, so putting electrodes even closer to the brain then it's going to be during the epileptic episodes.

21:06

And so they came up with the, they decided to bring EG your electroencephalography inside the school during epileptic seizures at surgeries epileptic surgeries. And so they cut into the person's goal for for the, for the epileptic surgery and they would place. The the ecog was called ECOG just basically EG but it's it's it's ecogos inside the skull but on top of the brain and that's a lot closer to the brain cells.

21:49

And so the signal quality is better but it's also getting signals that that we're not strong enough to travel outside this school and an ecog, you know, and and this is for human beings. But you know there's there's also like there's there were lots of experiments on animals mice and cats and monkeys where they planted individual electrodes into the actual brain tissue.

22:26

And they still do that to this day and they plant electrode arrays. Like the Utah array. They plant all sorts of devices. There was there was there's one that you know, there's there's there's new things like it's like a pen into injects. You can inject the sensor and write into the center of of a mouse, massive brain.

23:01

And I guess it's probably not going to survive that, but you can get some readings from from the animal before it dies. And so you can study, you can study the the animal by an injecting it with, you know, an elect like an electrode pen and just right into.

23:23

It's it part of its brain. And so yeah. So, so going to going further, we we get to getting to gnarling. It represents like, you know, we've had, you know, one of the things that they've installed before before we get to knowing one thing that's also been installed in, people is like a deep brain.

23:58

Stimulation device. So, we've seen the eco, there's ecographs like brain, gate, where they, they're trying to help people who had lost ability to move their arms and legs to paraplegics and to control a mouse cursor with their mind. And that's one of the things that neuralink has done is well but it's just done it with a with a is sort of proven concept because it's only like the beginning of when early can do because it represents a huge advancement over ecoglog.

24:30

In terms of how many let how much how many electrodes exists and the kind of stimulation that can be given and the kinds of close of therapies that can be deviceed. It's just a massive. It's a massive improvement over you, but it's also a massive improvement over. Well, okay, so so let's go to deep brain submission.

24:54

So deep brain stimulation is, you know, really big electrode emitting device. Electricity image device that sent puts a lot of simulation in your brain in a certain area and it's designed to sort of like, you know, I guess it can help. It's signed it to maybe help people with who have extremdression or or maybe they're not very conscious, just sort of wake them up.

25:24

It's it gives the brain a loss stimulation, the stimulation treatment, you know. And you can think of okay, well the predecessors to deep brain. Stimulation could be.

25:38

If you go back really far, you could say you could say, I mean there's an interesting parallel between transcribing magnetic stimulation and deep brain stimulation because the transcription of magnetic stimulation is sort of like non-invasive but it is it's not a basic because it doesn't require surgery but it is sending a significant amount of voltage into the brain.

26:04

And if they well the wood is that connected to electric and volts of therapy. Like, is there some history? I think that with TMS though that it's, it's far more advanced into far more targeted than electrical therapy, which is just like a heavy shock to the frontal lobes and that, you know, so there.

26:29

So if you look at transplanting a director, current simulation, it is a a very light shock to the frontal lobes. And and so you, so with electro controls of therapy, a person could get so many, massive shocks to their head that they sort of began to feel sedated but maybe they're their brains were permanently changed and in damage maybe there was damage done that sort of like it's a dated that and in a long term way and maybe sort of inhibited their their brain function going forward and made them almost stable to mentally.

27:11

I made them disabled mentally in terms of like, yeah, they can't run around and they're crazy stuff because they're they're the part of their brain. That, that was driving that has essentially, you know, been neutralized or neutered damage and I don't think that was the goal of electric rules of therapy.

27:39

Not till the bottom eyes, right? It's electric lobotomy, right? Because you know, in there was there was a lobotomy there was that was a surgery a long time ago. That that was also designed to serve. That was also used because it's sort of cost that the kind of damage that was useful, right?

28:02

But it was useful to a degree, but it was harmful to a degree. And so the treatments over time, you know, there is a, there is a connection between history of treating people with electro-compulsive therapy, which is very damaging to the more modern transcription, magnetic simulation, which is, which still like a shotgun blast of the brain is not precise and then to deep brain stimulation, which is, which is, which I guess could be a lot more precise.

28:39

But then, if you get down to, you know, a neuralink device, you don't typically use an early device, the way you use it, a deep in simulation because neuralink is extremely precise. But it's also like not really about sending huge blasts of electricity to stimulate the brain on a large scale.

29:04

At least not not from what I've seen but but I guess potentially it could be used that way, but it seemed. It also kind of seems like you know neurolink is something that you plant near the surface of the brain. In terms of like, you know, the wires can penetrate into the neocortex to a certain depth, but I don't know if that there's been an effort to push the neurlink into the thalamus, or into the core of the brain, or into the areas where the deep brain simulation device would go and to you then use the neural link to try to deliver a deeper in simulation like treatment.

29:46

So that is one question that I would, I would ask them. There are link team or I'd ask you on must or or, you know, I'd want to know, is, is nearly being gonna be used to replace deep brain, simulation. But the reason I sort of like walked through all of this is to really to really show that what NeuroLink is doing represents, not not something that that Elon Musk came up with it represents the past, 200 years, in neuroscience, research, in the art, the arch to the future.

30:25

And so we have neural link and and, and we have stent road, which is this new thing where they can, they're pushing the sensor up. You know, you inject that you inject the electrode into your arm and then you push it up the vein into the skull. And so you don't have to do, you don't have to cut into the skull.

30:46

And you don't actually have to risk, any, you don't have to cut into the brain. So you don't have to, you know, worry about cutting through blood vessels. An idea with neurolink is that? Yes, so if you're gonna cut into the brain and you're gonna actually like, you know, cut like cut through the school and then into the brain.

31:10

You, you would use this tiny little robot to sort of magnify an illuminate, the range issue to to illuminate us and identify the locations of the blood vests. So that the threads, I contain, the electrodes of the neural device can be inserted into the brain in between the blood vessels without puncturing the blood vessels, right?

31:40

So that interestingly, these two new things is one is is no stent. Road of voice, the problem of brings a voice, someone of the problems of brainstorming because it it's implanted from inside of blood vessel, basically inside of pain from the arm. And otherwise, you know, there's this tiny robot that nearly cast that in implants, the electrodes in between blood vessels.

32:12

So stenchroad is inside of blood vessel and it's in neural. Link is in between blood vessels but it's close to cells as possible instead. Sure. It has some limitations in terms of like, you know what? When we're talking about a neuralink device, the amount of precision in a precise reading and writing is going to be greater than center.

32:38

Assuming that you know, because stent because center isn't, there is a there is the the vein of the cell is in between. So it's not up next to neurons, but but it so, but the veins of the of the cell are in between the, the, the sensors and the electrodes, you know, I guess there could be over, you know, but the right, press right up against the wall of me because that's one of the things that center does, is it expands that sensors are pushed into the walls today?

33:19

Um, and so there, but, but that's that is, that's close enough for ecoglike treatments to give patients the ability to move right by reading their brain and transferring those signals to a computer to a mouse. It's easy enough. That's close enough for brain, gate type of search rate without needing to to your brain surgery, right?

33:53

So brain gate was was again ecog used that would help a patient to who was paraplegic to control a mouse on the screen or to move a prosthetic by thinking a prosthetic, limb like a hand, like a fake hand. So but that's that's, you know. So going back to the Star Wars, just like yes.

34:22

So neuralink is, our is our Luke Skywalker. It's our first hope. But there is there is there are other hopes extension as sort of like you know leapfrogged nearly for FDA approval because it doesn't require brain surgery. And because it, it can provide the usefulness of ecog, it's going to replace ECOG basically, but it doesn't replace there a link.

34:53

Now, there's something else and that is light imaging. So light imaging can be like HD dot or light are doppler or functional near effort spectroscopy. But in for laser imaging or infrared imaging, functional neoprene spectroscopy, whatever the name is, you know, there's there's there are things that people are doing to try to.

35:35

I get really good next generation images from the brain, like they're using, they're like, oh, this company open water, which is a project by Mary. Lou Jackson is is it is plant is using is using holography to reverse the refraction of light to get really good medical languages of the brain and she's talked about using ultrasound to stimulate the brain.

36:10

And so open water is combining you know multiple technologies a laser laser fast functional near for a spectroscopy and a ultrasound so that she can go deep into the brain and stimulate individual neurons and see them happening at, you know, and and anything is because a neurons, a neuront when so it's measuring lights, especially blood flow.

36:40

It's measuring the light spectrum and so can notice the changes in and blood flow, right? So when neurons fire, they use oxygen and blood flows, where oxygen is is needed because blood brings oxygen. And so, as the the blood movement, the blood moves because it's flowing to our oxygen is needed that blood flow can be tracked through with light spectrum.

37:15

And so, the near infrared light spectrum can can monitor the blood flow, but it can also monitor an, if you could reverse, if you can reverse the refraction of red light, the flows through the brain, is, if the brain was transparent then and you can make out and you can recreate shapes in the brain.

37:42

And then you could notice neurons firing, because they actually expand and contract, they expand, when they, when they fire, and then they contract afterwards. So you could see from outside the brain on invasively when in neuron fires, right? So you can read that information. And then with ultrasound, you can stimulate that neuron to fire.

38:04

And so now we have this noninvasive technology that doesn't really need FDA approval or maybe it does. But anyways non-invasive, so maybe it will be easy for FD to get FDA approval because it's like less invasive. Instant road is just literally sticking something in your vein and then pushing it up into your brain.

38:29

It's way less invasive than surgery. And so thinfroad, you know, the argument is it's interesting to it isn't you know not going to give you the ability to have the kind of precision of monitoring single neurons. That's the argument. But the thing is one, electrode can met can detect when a neuron has has fired.

39:01

After the fact like many thousands of neurons from a good distance even through the skull. Well from well. Okay. Yeah. What you're getting from the school is is actually dipole activity, which is like this huge summary of of electrical activity dipole is. The electric dipole is this it's like a summation of a lot of smaller activity.

39:39

You're not getting single neuron firing with EG outside of a skull or image. But you are, you are getting the results of both energy. You're getting the results of the electromagnetic field and with ET, you're getting the dipole activity, which is the electric dipole. So imagine there's a positive and negative Paul and an election and an electric point, which at which, you know, electricity is just going to surge off the brain and into space, like, they electricity like like the, like, the sun's corona, right?

40:34

When the sun emits a solar flare and and pieces of solar debris from the sun itself, spill out into space and just fly through the space space weather and it's very dangerous or space weather. It could hit the earth and it could destroy earth's atmosphere. It could just wipe away or establish, that's how dangerous it is.
41:03

But earth earth also has a strong magnetic field that that so far has been pushing away, the solar debris then earths magnetic field is like this this bubble that sort of protects Earth's atmosphere or magnetic field as a protect service atmosphere from from this sun because in the sun if the sun ejects it a piece of its corona into space and it flies towards earth.

41:38

The magnetic field of the earth is going to sort of like shear it away. It's going to guide it away from that from earth atmosphere, so it doesn't end up hitting the earth and that's really interesting actually.

41:57

Think about the magnetic field with the earth pushing away stuff and

42:07

And I said it was. So how's your magnetic field? Well there must be a lot of metal inside their earth. It's moving very fast. It's creating that magnetic field. What have would we have? Magnetic, magnetic field, if if the core of the earth, wasn't molten liquid metal.

42:30

That. What if the core of the earth, cooled with the magnetic field fade away with earth become like a dead rock? Then the atmosphere would get wiped off. The the water would get wiped off. And yeah, I would become, I think it would become my life. That's wrong. I think that we have this atmosphere and this water be because there's some molten core that's creating magnetic field.

43:00

That is sort of keeping this stuff here, which is interesting because it's, it's like it's supposed to be that gravity is keeping your stuff. Here gravity is just the curvature space and space cars around the maps. And the mass is creating an electric field, an election, magnet field That and in, in the electromagnetic field is curving away at the sun's ejection, but it should be, right?

43:34

So it's it's almost curving space. So solar flares, right? So it seems like the electric magnetic field of earth is curving away. The sun's flares and in into doing things like maybe the magnetic field is curving space and that's just like sitting right in front of us, it's curving space and in the context of pushing, way, solar flares and if it's curving space, in the context of solar flares, and if it's admitted from mass then and maybe the the

44:18

Electromagnetism is causing the curvature, space. All right, it's just interesting because everything because it because everything that exists is going to be part of the electromagnetic spectrum, right? Light electricity and every in everything every atom, every molecule. Every chemical it. Technically all breaks down into components that are part of the electromagnetic spectrum, every court, every lepton, every neutron, every proton, every move on every glue on every, every particle is a part of the electromagnetic spectrum.

45:21

Everything is, and that's, and it's like in it, you know, people have said, well, you know, maybe there's a graviton particle, maybe there's a gravity force, right? You know, that's what people have said, I say, okay, well, there's a strong force. Weak force, strong nuclear force, a weekly nuclear force, and maybe there's a force for gravity.

45:49

Some people have said that, so they want to. Okay, well, how do we, where does this other force go, right? And so, there's processes. But but then, you know, other people are like no, it's it's literally the curvature space and maybe there's no, maybe there's no gravity particle. Maybe there's no gravity force at all, right.

46:16

And it's just the force. They're just electromagnetism and and the electromagnetism which includes all particles. This is all for occurring space. And so here's the thing is, is, is if there was a gravitational particle, and if there was, if there was a gravitational particle, and if there, or if there was gravitational force, the thing is the gravitational particle or the gravitational force would still be under the umbrella of electromagnetism, that's still electromagnetism.

46:57

So, whether there is or isn't a gravitational particle, gravitational force is still electromagneticism in the end that's curving space, right? So you say, okay, well, well, maybe there's a particle that we're gonna call it graviton. That's contributing to the curvature of space. But by definition, if it is just another particle than any part of on this spec because it's a particle in a spectrum of particles.

47:27

As in these particles, are at different sizes and they have different spins. And they have they have you know, or they have different volumes, you know, and they have different There's a, there's a color property. There's different in different ways that the different properties that basically, if gravity, if a gravity particle, can curves space to some degree.

48:06

Then so can any other particle? In fact, it's mass the curves face, right? You have this high density. When you have a large amount of density, intensity is very space. All right. A lot of particle speeds together and they're pulling on the fabric space to curve it polar or shaping space, and it's like it's it's it's it.

48:44

You could think of the density as space being crunchtop costs traded, right? But if space is one fabric as that, well, there's not that in the fabric and not in fabric, it's all one fabric and so if you have density, it is by definition pulling on everything else.
